Title: Realistic

Review: I am an 80 year old combat veteran (88th Inf. Div. Italy).I watched BOB on the History Channel. I was so overwhelmed, indeed a bit panicked by the authentic nature of 90+% of the uniforms, signs, noises (I take exception to the sound of incoming artillery).I cried several times at the authentic staging - for them and me.I cannot believe I'll watch it again. It's too much. Too real.We never had so much water allowed in a shower.Rate: 10/10


Title: One of the best war movies/series ever

Review: I have read virtually all of Ambrose's WWII books, and this mini-series faithfully follows one of his best. The experience of these men of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne, was mirrored throughout the many divisions of Army and Marine ground troops in WWII. I feel that this series represents that collective experience in the finest, most forthright manner possible and pays tribute to them all. The acting, mostly by previously unheralded actors, was superb--particularly that of Damien Lewis (Capt.Winters). Winters had to mature along with his increasing command responsibilites, had to learn to turn over his initial company-level responsibilities to others as he was promoted to battalion commander.  It was clearly tough for him, particularly when he had to order attacks on heavily defended objectives, without being to lead his former command directly.   All of the characters were developed enough that you cared about each of them as individuals, and felt the loss of each of them through the attrition during the brutal fighting in the Northern European Theater. They cared for each other as fighting men do (confirmed by my own experience in the infantry in Vietnam), but at the same time they had to carry on with the mission regardless of loss.  Replacements are regarded warily at first, but then managed to blend in with the veterans if they showed they were worthy of joining this band of brothers.  The plot is real, and as such is neither macho nor macabre--it just is presented as it really happened.  The truths of combat are stranger than fiction.  The interviews with the actual veterans, interspersed throughout the series, added authenticity, verified what the series was showing. These representatives of "The Greatest Generation" did themselves and this nation proud. Though I knew the story well, I eagerly looked for to each new episode to see how well it tracked with the book and how well the actors and director portrayed it.  Up to this series, I had thought that "Once an Eagle" (starring Sam Elliot) was the best war series, but this one is now at the top of the class in my view.


Title: One of, if not the best, mini series' ever made

Review: Band of Brothers finds us following the exploits of Easy Company throughout their campaign in Europe, from their inception all the way to the end of the war. The commentary from the actual soldiers that were in those situations is touching, to say the very least. These commentaries also help to move the character development along quite a bit, as it lets us into their own personal thoughts on the situations they faced. This project, to the best of my knowledge was undertaken at roughly the same time as Saving Private Ryan, using many of the same locations and also employing DreamWorks special effects, giving it a very familiar feel for anyone that has seen Private Ryan. As I've already touched on, the character development is greatly due to the fact that this story is not told in a two hour segment, but throughout several hour long intervals, giving us the chance to truly "get to know" the characters personalities as the story develops. In my humble opinion, the only other military type mini series' that even come close to the scope of this one are The Blue and The Grey, and North and South.All of the actors in this series do and excellent job at playing the roles appropriately and making us believe the hell these men were put through. The thing I also appreciated about the cast is the lack of any "real" names, leading to us not knowing who may or may not be making it out the scenes alive and unscathed.This mini series is everything Saving Private Ryan was, as well as everything it wasn't. If you're a fan of war time stories and "army" movies, this is hands down the best of the best? I don't even think I could name ANY movies about WWII that could even compare to this one? A bold statement, I know, but I'm making it any how.


Title: This series is so unbelievably realistic, so authentic.

Review: There aren't much TV-series which have left such an impression on me as Band of Brothers did. From the moment I saw the first episodes, I knew I had to buy this on DVD.This series, telling you the story of Easy Company of the US Army Airbourne Paratrooper division is so unbelievably realistic, so authentic... There has been put so much effort in taking care of all the details that it makes you believe that you are right in the middle of all the action. This is an outstanding achievement. It's about ten hours long, but I wouldn't mind if it was a few hours longer. Each episode opens with interviews with several of the actual men from Easy Company, talking about some of the experiences that that episode deals with. When you buy the special edition DVD box (a metal case with 6 instead of 5 DVD's), you will find the complete interviews with these men on the extra DVD. These interviews certainly aren't to be missed! As you may have guessed, I'm one of the biggest fans of this series. I could go on for hours about it, but our time is limited and instead of reading this you better watch the series yourself. According to me, there is only one score appropriate for a masterpiece like this one and that is 10/10. Amazing!!!!


Title: Excellent

Review: This week I saw three things based on WW-II novels. The first was 'The Pianist' about the Warsaw ghetto in the war and the survival of a Jewish pianist in that ghetto. The second was 'De Tweeling', a Dutch film about two twin-sisters, separated in 1926. One of them grows up in Nazi-Germany, the other in The Netherlands. That movie shows us more of the common persons during the war, Germans and not-Germans. The third was 'Band of Brothers', a true story about combat in the war. All three things are great, the films I mean, and you definitely should see all three of them.'Band of Brothers' follows Easy-company from their training in England, through D-Day, the rest of France (including Bastogne), Holland (including operation Market Garden), Germany and Austria. This story is shown to us in ten different episodes. Every episode starts with the real men from Easy-company telling about their experiences and ends with a short written update of Easy-company. Between beginning and ending of episodes one of the best things I have seen on screen is presented to us.The casting is amazing. Even David Schwimmer (from 'Friends') as the bitter Captain Sobel is great. Damian Lewis and Ron Livingston are superb as Major Winters and Captain Lewis Nixon. Every actor seems to be perfect for his character. The photography and direction is great also. I especially loved the direction of the episode done by executive producer Tom Hanks, possibly with some help from the other executive producer Steven Spielberg. 'Saving Private Ryan' was great for showing us the horror in combat, 'Band of Brothers' does the same thing but adds some other things. You really learn to know the characters (in 600 minutes you can do that), you sympathize with them.If you have the chance to see this masterpiece, do so. It is long but you can spread the episodes over some days. But if you start watching it is very hard to stop. Definitely one of the best WW-II movies or series out there.


Title: Definitely at the top of my list for one of the best shows produced for television.

Review: I didn't really want to comment on the show like others did, until it was actually concluded. Now that the show finished last night all I can think to say is Wow! This has truly been one of the best things I have ever seen produced for any format of entertainment, except novel since historian Stephen Ambrose fills in a lot more information that the series just couldn't handle. Every actor from Damian Lewis to the man who played Private Hall in the first episode performed admirably. Of special interest is Lewis who's character really matures as the show progresses, Ron Livingston who in episode nine loses some of the cockiness that his character Nixon exhibits throughout the show, Matthew Settle who plays the intimidating Capt. Ronald Speirs just seems to ooze the violent edge the character needs, and Donnie Wahlberg who unlike his brother seems to play more interesting characters. Also of special interest is David Schwimmer as Capt. Herbert Sobel. Even though the character is pretty much a piss ant, there is that one moment after he loses command of the company that you sort of feel sorry for him. Another plus is the production crew who really turned England into four different countries. No one place from  Carentan to Bastgone looks like the same country. Another plus is the special effects, which really shine in episode two and four. The night jump on Normandy with the flak exploding around planes and one plane bursting into flames looks as good as anything done for a major film. Also whoever thought of including snippets of interviews with real easy veterans definitely help set the tone for the episodes. A good choice in my opinion. If you haven't seen this show you owe it to yourself to watch any repeat. If you love informative movies about WWII by the DVD Set which will hopefully be released sometime soon. Another thing to note is the documentary which has interviews, film footage, and war time photos of the actuall easy company. I hope its as good as it looks.


Title: Realistic WWII Drama With Warts Included

Review: "Band of Brothers" in a word is awesome. I couldn't wait to see each episode. Co-Executive Produced by Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg, it has the realism, look and feel of Spielberg's "Saving Private Ryan" (1998) but with more insight into the characters. Hanks even directed one episode himself. Told over ten gut wrenching episodes, the story centers on a company of soldiers in the 101st American Airborne Division in WWII from their initial basic training to their landing in France on D-Day to their many battles and ordeals through to the liberation of a concentration camp and finally through to the end of the war. The soldiers are ordinary people thrust into horrific situations and shows how each is able (or not able) to deal with the situations. The battle scenes are realistic and convincing and the special effects are breath taking. While the series depicts the trials and tribulations of the company, it isn't afraid to show how the war affects seemingly sane and rational men. For example there is a scene where the nominal hero of the story, Winters (Damien Lewis) shoots an unarmed German soldier out of frustration. There is also a scene where a group of German prisoners are cut down by an American officer after he had given them cigarettes. Even after the German surrender there are instances of out and out murder of Germans. This is very rare for an American war story. The cast is of largely unknown actors, which makes for a more effective telling of the story. There is no John Wayne leading the troops to victory kind of thing. Damien Lewis is very good as Winters who rises through the ranks to lead the company. Ron Livingston plays his friend and second in command, Nixon. Others include David Schwimmer, excellent as the training officer, Scott Grimes as Malarkey the grizzled sergeant and ex New Boys on the Block member Donnie Wahlberg effective as Corporal Lipton. "Band of Brothers" is a story that could only be told in a mini-series. It clearly shows that war really is hell.


Title: Best Mini series ever

Review: Band of Brothers is a brilliant mini series about W.W. II.It tells the story of Easy company,a group of soldiers who fought in this terrible war.The first couple of episodes are about the drill of the men,the drill-sergeant is played by David"Ross from Friends"Schwimmer(not quite Full Metal Jacket).Then the company gets dropped on D-Day in Normandy where we follow their moves.The serie ends with an episode after the war when we see the company,or what is left of it,"relaxing" at a lake and thinking over this dreadful period. BoB is very realisticly filmed with great acting,although there are no big names in it.Maybe that is why it is so realistic. The series is produced by Tom Hanks(directed 1 episode) & Steven Spielberg,so it couldn't miss. And it doesn't,all 10 episodes are of very high quality,from the training in peaceful areas to a big shootout in the woods of Belgium and from fights in my own country Holland(with actual Dutch actors!) to a grueling episode about a concentration camp.After Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan this is another realistic and good project from Spielberg and co. 10/10


Title: Great Miniseries

Review: I was a little hesitant to watch this miniseries because i'm not too fond of war movies, but this one was amazing! The acting was amazing, as well as the quality of picture. It was made to look like it was back in the 40's. It's not in black and white, but it has that older look. The actors, mostly British, are absolutely amazing. You really feel like you are there with them participating in the battles, feeling the pain of losing a comrade, and the fear of the battle. It starts with the basic training in Toccoa,Ga, and continues through Normandy, The battle of the Bulge, and Operation Market Garden, among others, as well as the liberation of a concentration camp. If you liked Saving Private Ryan, or even if you didn't, you will definitely love this miniseries!! Once again, Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg created a masterpiece!


Title: A-1, TOPS, the BOMB what else can I say?

Review: Judging by other comments, it seems that this miniseries struck a chord with many viewers. I almost hate to add yet another glowing endorsement since the other reviews are pretty much identical...but here goes. This one made me wonder WHERE DOES AMERICA GET SUCH MEN? The things that Easy Company (boy, there's irony for you!) went through. I've always been grateful to all those who fought for my freedom (I served my country but never had to fight) and have wondered how men could do the awful things that had to be done. I've admired those who actually faced combat. Anyway, Band of Brothers is superbly done historically correct documentary about E Co, 101st Airborne. It follows the lives (and sometimes deaths) of the men of Easy Co. The miniseries takes the men through most of their combat engagements. The cinematography is outstanding. Spielberg and Hanks really did a great job on this miniseries! There are some interviews with some of the survivors, who have remained close to this day. Disks 1-5 are the actual miniseries but WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T SKIP DISK 6! There is a lot of information about how the film was cast, the "boot camp" that the actors went through and how soft actors were turned into lean, hard fighting men. There are more interviews with surviving members of Easy Co. Folks, this is a don't-miss series!


Title: Magnificent, absolutely magnificent

Review: BAND OF BROTHERS Aspect ratio: 1.78:1Sound format: Dolby Digital(10 episodes)The trials and tribulations of Easy Company, 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division, from the D-Day landings in Normandy to their capture of Hitler's Eagle's Nest in Austria at the end of World War II.Co-produced by Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg, HBO's epic 10-part miniseries (based on a terrific bestselling book by the late Stephen E. Ambrose) was the most expensive TV undertaking of its day, costing a massive $120 million to produce. And, as the old saying goes, every penny is up there on the screen. Borne from the success of Spielberg's SAVING PRIVATE RYAN (1998) - with which it shares a similar dramatic and visual style - BAND OF BROTHERS' recreation of a glorious (and hard-won) chapter in American history assumed an even greater patriotic significance during its initial US broadcast, when it coincided with the horrific events of September 2001. Written with economy and grace, and directed with emotional intensity by a series of directors (including Phil Alden Robinson, Richard Loncraine and Hanks himself) whose combined efforts achieve a genuine aesthetic uniformity, the movie is a masterpiece of storytelling and historical documentation. Punctuated by horrific battle sequences, in which the camera is placed within mere inches of the death and destruction, the film transcends its educational remit by focusing intently on the human cost of war. Almost every episode opens with testimony from surviving members of Easy Company (none of whom are identified until the end of the series), which further strengthens the emphasis which BAND OF BROTHERS - book and film - places on the bonds which drew them together in times of conflict. And, because it's a true story, there's no telling from one episode to the next which of the 'characters' will live or die, which makes it all the more potent and visceral.The entire production represents quality writ large: Beautifully filmed on various European locations (including the UK and Austria), the movie is noble without being the least bit pompous or austere, and it manages to humanize a large cast of essential characters with small touches of humanity and humor, all of which serves to heighten the sense of terror as they descend into the maelstrom of conflict. The first - and longest - episode is deceptively staid, featuring David Schwimmer (a long way from TV's "Friends") as a cowardly, bullying commanding officer whose tyrannical methods nevertheless shaped Easy Company into a fighting force which eventually cut a swathe through the heart of occupied Europe. Brit actor Damian Lewis takes the spotlight thereafter as Easy Company's most respected platoon leader, with Ron Livingston as his right hand man. Other standout performances in a flawless cast include Matthew Settle as battle-hardened platoon leader Ronald Speirs whose wartime career was distinguished by numerous acts of bravery (fuelled by a unique - if morbid - personal philosophy), Shane Taylor as company medic Eugene Roe, Neal McDonough as 2nd lieutenant 'Buck' Compton (laid low by his horrific combat experiences), and Donnie Wahlberg as 1st sergeant C. Carwood Lipton, who maintained the morale of his fellow soldiers, even when the odds seemed stacked against them. Every episode has its merits, but stand-outs include David Leland's 'Bastogne' (ep. 6), which recounts the horrendous circumstances surrounding Easy Company's involvement in the Battle of the Bulge, and David Frankel's 'Why We Fight' (ep. 9), in which the full horror of the Nazi regime is uncovered in a German forest. Additionally, the closing moments of chapter 10 ('Points', directed by Mikael Salomon) are truly heartbreaking.It's doubtful that a more fitting tribute to the men of Easy Company could have been devised than BAND OF BROTHERS, a truly remarkable film in every conceivable way. By turns engrossing, provocative and *deeply* moving, it stands as a testament to those who fought and died for our freedoms, almost a lifetime ago.


Title: war, no frills

Review: I absolutely love this miniseries.As a keen amateur historian, I got sick and tired of books and documentaries about the great leaders, politics, geography and basically, the non-bloodshed parts of WW2.Similarly virtually every time I saw a war movie, it was ruined by flashbacks( thin red line) ridiculous fiction (and yes, i do mean you, The Bunker) or completely unnecessary and out of place sex scenes (who can forget Enemy At The Gates, a powerful film, until that awful sex scene which ruined the whole thing?)There are good war movies. But this stands out, because not only is there no fiction whatsoever, but because, as a miniseries, more time is available to get to know the characters, and follow their progress, to know them, to love them, to mourn them.Time allows for detail, and the fact that the 'frills' that other films stick in to make them more viewer friendly and marketable have been left out....When a character in BoB dies, you mourn not because a flashback tells you they have a young sweetheart or something...but because you know this is real, it happened. The acting is truly superb, and you realise, it isn't a character you are mourning at all, it's a real person. This is because the actors made very strong relationships with their real life surviving counterparts, they knew their roles inside out and it really does show. We feel so strongly for the characters because the actors have portrayed them so faithfully. There are no clichés, because the truth is so accurately reproduced.After reading Ambrose's book, you realise how religiously each part of the series is portrayed. The sets are perfect, the effects remarkable, and Michael Kamens score will go down as one of the finest ever written. Everything about the production of this series is phenomenal, the details are so minute yet so important.This should be watched not just for entertainment value, but as a reminder of the sacrifices made for us. Easily the best television series ever produced.Watch it. Now.


Title: Watch and indulge the greatness of American entertainment skills

Review: All good things about this TV smash hit has already been said by others on these pages. Its a top notch piece of TV entertainment and with some really good performances. As much as I loved this show, I also find it acceptable, that others might not share my enthusiasm - hail the freedom of speech. Now, when this is said, I dont really get, some of the arguments, used by the "cons" of this production e.g. that BOB depicts the Americans as the good guys once again, and hails American soldiers and that the war scenes are not realistic. First of all, this is an American production, as many of the greatest war movies are. Why shouldnt the Americans be allowed to honour and remember their soldiers and to tell a piece of their own history and legacy? This criticism has been brought up many times, also in connection to Saving Private Ryan, and frankly it make no sense to blame a nation to be most interested in their own history and people. Second I also have to question the complaints about the lack of realism. This is, even though it resembles reality a lot, fiction - and not a documentary. When you have a piece of fiction, you should be allowed to a certain amount of artistic freedom. This is not because I want to "approve" of twists of facts! Anyway, I would have greater understanding for the criticism if it had concerned the actual content, like bad acting, bad story line or something like that.......


Title: Brilliant and challenging - life changing

Review: My wife checked 'Band of Brothers' out from our local library (6 DVD set). I watched it all over three nights and then proceeded to repeat the process at a slower pace. I thought a bit about what it was that kept me transfixed. 'Historical interest? Am I enjoying seeing war in all it's horror? Do I like seeing death? Am I desensitizing myself to violence?' No, that wasn't it. What captivated my imagination was the fact that real people went through this. Real people found themselves in these situations and they had to deal with it. They had to trust there comrades. They had to find strength and courage beyond anything they had ever experienced. I like to think that those same qualities can be found in any man if he will acknowledge them. I have never been to war. I don't want to, and chances are I will never have to. But there has to be a way to live life with the same strength and courage. If you will let it, 'Band of Brothers' is one of those rare dramas that has the potential to pick you up by the scruff of the neck and tell you to wake up, stop whining, face your fears and your mess head on and get on with life. Stop indulging and start living.


Title: A sense of deep gratitude...

Review: Roughly half way through and I'm lost in admiration for this quite exceptional series. I find some sequences hard to watch, I don't look forward to each episode in the same way I might for other TV shows. It's exhausting. This series goes far beyond normal TV fodder. It's mighty stuff: moving, rigorous, uncompromising and extraordinarily subtle, despite its epic scale.


Title: The best TV show i have ever seen

Review: But then again you see names like Tom Hanks and Steven Ppielberg as the masterminds of this amazing production . Detailed choreography , detailed costumes , everything was there where they should be . It's like watching a really big well produced movie in 10 small pieces . Amazing , amazing , amazing .The best TV show i have ever seen


Title: Often brutal but always engaging

Review: It has been some time since I watched this show on first broadcast – long before streaming and on demand, I remember it was appointment television for me to be sure to be back in time to watch it (I also did not own a VCR back then I think). Coming from the pedigree of HBO, BBC, and Spielberg, the series was a really banner affair, and it did not disappoint. Watching it again 15 years later, this is still the case. The production values are incredibly high, and the recreation of the conditions, spirit, and specific actions of Easy Company is compelling television. It is not constant action, and it is not always violent, however it keeps the war constantly in the air, and it is quite oppressive viewing at times in the way it does this while throwing in moments of sudden pointless violence.At times it does get a bit too sentimental, but the sense of realism balances this out I thought, and the scale of loss and death makes it easy to justify why the series did this. The main characters are well portrayed, and the supporting characters had sufficient material to make us buy into the squad – not just a few main characters. Ironically this is something that has altered with time. Watching it now I was surprised by just how many famous faces there were in the show. Of course the main cast has turns from Lewis, Livingston, McDonough, Fletcher, Wahlberg, and many others you will know – as well as one or two big names in small roles (most notably Schwimmer). However in roles so small they barely have a line, you also have people like Simon Pegg, Jimmy Fallon, Andrew Scott, James McAvoy, Fassbender, Colin Hanks, and many others. Perhaps I did not know them at the time and they were already famous, but it does feel now that they had a real bed of talent just starting to emerge. Of course the downside of this is that it is a bit distracting now, and many episodes has several moments where you spot people like this in smaller roles. The series is strong though, with great drama and production values throughout. The deep cast help, but it is the writing and intense battle sequences that really draw you in. The focus on an American squad does feel a little like it plays into the usual 'the Americans won the war" thing, but I didn't mind this – aside from the few British characters who do appear, who unfortunately are played a little as stereotype and not so heroic in their efforts. Despite this though, a great series that has stood up really well over time.


Title: Unsurpassed in the history of filmmaking.

Review: when I aw Saving Private Ryan I thought it was really nice, but in general I thought it was too short, and the idea to rish a compagny's life for one person, really sounded too odd to me. Then year it however managed to runn off with all the important Academy Awards. Which was totally an unjustified reward in my eyes. Cos the other film Thin Red Line was alot more striking and realistic to my eyes than SPR.Then in 2001, or actually already before the rumours started that Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg were working on a more detailed project about the European liberation of the Alied forces. This should be based on the book "Band Of Brothers" from Steven Ambrose. The result was a 10 hour long TV serie that could dive a bit deeper into several aspects of the liberation. Such as the training, Normany, Bastogne or Market Garden. The results are the most historical accurate projections ever to hit the TV screen. Here there are no heroes, peopler gett killed and often no coverage is done to show the most brutal parts of the war.I went for the region 1 DVD and never saw the series on TV so I waited till I could see it on DVD. For 2 reasons. One for the Widescreen option and even more for the sound option. And this sound is thunderous. The R1 has a DTS option and I can recomand you to go for that one. Since the other reagions dont have this option. Also had this DVD got a field guide, maps, historical timelines and information, its really amazing and extremely far reaching. So the box really let you to teach anything about this moment in history.
I think nothing can prepare you for what this serie is going to show you. I think the only option to get an idea is to look at this yourself. There will be passing bye many things that you will never ever forget. And cos of the shootingstyle and not to mention the thunderous sound, you will feel as if you are really there. Bullets flying all around your head, people getting killed everywhere. The effect is amazing and shocking. Its too bad that there are no Academy Awards for TV series, else they should give them all to this one.I use this or parts of this series to sjow at my students in historyclass since its just so realistic and we'll done. I think that everybody should see this. Not just to get an idea of how brave these young Americans were but more cos no matter how arrogant these Americans are or willing to fight a war somewhere, this was a war that had to be fought and were them liberating Europe from a terrible tiranny so its something we should never forget.


Title: The best...Simple.

Review: Even though I may not be an American, I am grateful for what these guys have done in Holland(Where I live mind you.) and how the liberated major cities like Eindhoven, Nijmegen and Arnhem.This movie/piece deserves a full 10/10 from me, because this movie shows how people have really suffered in WWII, it may focus on Americans, but so what? This at least shows realism, instead of SPR(Which was also VERY good-don't get me wrong), but this just appeals more. It's a great piece of work, with much dedication put into it, especially the real interviews with the veterans at the beginning/end of a part. You don't just see American G.I's just storming Germans and winning, they were actually facing Elite Waffen SS and Panzer divisions, also of the SS. They have fought in Normandy in the midst of the misdrops. Getting massacred at Carentan, Fighting in Nuenen, Freezing in Bastogne. And above all getting even move casualties even after the war is over. This shows the drama what these soldiers have been through, from the training to the end.No over-dramatised bleeding, killing and whatsoever, but real fragments which make you feel like you're in the midst of it.Just the best war movie/piece ever.


Title: Best parts of Saving Privat Ryan made into a masterpiece

Review: This almost semi-documentary has all the gritty realism of the D-Day-beginning of Saving Private Ryan without the much weaker and unnecessary melodramatic followings parts of SPR. Everything is believable, both sides are shown, nothing important is left out, being it the Nazi-crimes, war-crimes from all sides, the horror of being shelled or wounded, the breaking of men facing the terror of war, the thrill of fighting in a battle and the final horror of dying in battle, accidents or the ultimate horror of the concentration camps.The special effects, editing, cast and directing are brilliant, above most motion pictures, but what really leaves you in awe is the feeling, that you are watching true events and that it must have felt like this, when Easy Company and all the other soldiers entered the hell that is war. A masterpiece.


Title: One of the best ever - IMDb #250: #1

Review: I think "Band of Brothers" is a true masterpiece in the history of motion picture. Not only because of its historical accuracy but also because of its presentation of humans in war. It takes its time to present life and death of soldiers in modern war. The action sequences are a major part but "Band of Brothers" true strength to me is the intense presentation of war's dullness, inhumanity and senselessness. It's finally the end of the discussion "Are there two genres - war-movie and anti-war-movie": As soon as war is realistically arranged there does not need to be an "anti-war-movie-genre any more.All in all, this is not a series of movies but a complete movie on its own. Recommended to all - especially those who still think there is such thing as SENSE IN WAR. But finally IMDb leaves us with a secret: Well, why is this not listed in the IMDb #250?! It'd be #1.


Title: There was a price paid. And we must honor their sacrifice.

Review: How do we perpetuate the honor, the memory, and the lesson of the nameless and faceless thousands that fought and died for their country during World War II? To document WWII as mere history is to marginalize it as merely another fact on an eventual high school exam. To merely acknowledge that it was war merely because war is a terrible thing is to ignore its consequence, and its undeniable relevance to the lives of everyone that followed them.To confer the proper deference to the death and honor of those uncounted soldiers, we must integrate into our souls the reality of living as their beneficiaries at the expense of their lives. While there is no absolute way to understand the cost of World War II, we can experience the barest shadow of its reality by seeing it through the eyes of those who fought it, who lived through it, who saw death on an unimaginable scale during it, and preserved a free world as a result. That shadow is a magnificent humility captured in a simply brilliant HBO miniseries, "Band of Brothers." "Brothers" sheds the narcissism of the television camera to bring you face-to-face with the dramatized-yet-real faces of the men of Easy Company, one of hundreds of American and allied forces to invade Europe in an effort to stem Nazi Germany's military machine. "Brothers" compels the viewer to see World War II on a personal level unmatched by virtually any other war production. You see not glorified geniuses of war, but hardened, otherwise average men, fearless and fearful, heroic and imperfect, lucky and unlucky, thrown into an incomprehensible maelstrom of war and savagery. They emerge not merely as a force that won a war, but one that established the foundation on which a generation's freedom was built, and through which the unspeakable savagery exacted on a race was exposed."Band of Brothers" isn't for the fainthearted. It offers an unapologetically graphic and frank depiction of war and the men who fight it, bringing home in a vivid and undeniable way. From the simplicity of the training centers to the brutality of near-abandonment in the forests of Bastogne under German siege, "Brothers" offers a lesson that should be mandatory for the eyes, hearts, and minds of those too young to know of World War II as anything other than an historical event, such that some measure of the price of freedom and the cost of tyranny can be interwoven into the souls of those who watch it. To say "Band of Brothers" is merely extraordinary is to diminish its sheer greatness not merely as a work of television, but as a demonstration of freedom's 20th-century turning point.To appreciate your freedom, and understand in an inherently deficient way its benefactors, "Band of Brothers" is simply not to be missed.-David


Title: Brilliant

Review: SPOILERS AHEAD!What can I say, a brilliant series, which I will easily call the best series ever! Great acting, a great screenplay, fine camerawork, and of course with Speilberg a great recollection of the 1940'sChapter 1: A Strong episode. Shows the tough sadistic training of Captain Sobel. Builds up all the characters and introduces them to the viewers. I really likes the fact that they made this one a NON COMBAT episode.10/10Chapter 2: A first look into battle with Easy Company. Focuses on Winters and shows his potential as a leader. It also shows the big failure of the jumps over normandy and what misorder it has caused.9/10Chapter 3: The most violent episode so far. Great battle scene in Carentan. It also takes time to show the soldiers after they get back to England, and for the ones that didnt. It forcuses on the horrors of war and sticks to Blithe to make that point.10/10Chapter 4: My least favorite episode. Simply a full combat chapter. It shows the failure of bad intellegence. Focuses on Bull Randelman that survives behind enemy lines. Nothing special in the episode though. (although it does show the Dutch reaction to the allied forces)8/10Chapter 5: I dunno why but a lot of people didnt like this chapter. I loved it! The great camerawork at the begining and the illusions Winter suffers throughout the episode really touched me. I also loved the full on assault on the SS Companies, and the change of command within E Company and 2nd Battalion.
10/10Chapter 6: Like others said, a special episode for the sole fact that it is the first time it is focused on the Medical Staff. I really likes Doc Roe, though I didnt think the relationship with nurse was usefull for the episode. I liked the way supplies were short, morale was low yet E company held on. The creators really tried to make us think how miserable they are, but to tell the truth after reading some books the matter was even MUCH MUCH worse, just look at a map of the battle of the bulge. Anyhow, great episode.9/10Chapter 7: My second favourite episode and by far the most violent in the series.Forcuses on Lipton which tells the story of a bad leadership from Lt. Dike, and the morale problem it caused. Also it shows the accidental death of Hoobler. Really touching scene. The part which still echos in my head is definetly the mortar drop on Guarnere and Toye, and the reaction from Buck. Brilliant Scene. That goes as well for the Much and Penkala part. The new leader prooves himself on the first day with bravery and determination.
10/10Chapter 8: I liked this episode. Shows how the war was almost over yet the generals were looking for something to do. So they send out patrols. Focuses on Webster who missed Bastonge, and although he has been in the company since normandy, feels like an outsider. Sad part when Jackson dies from his own grenade.9/10Chapter 9: My favourite episode. The way they created the camps and its inhabiters was extrodinary and brought a tear to my eye! The looks on everyones faces when they saw it tells it all. Written briliantly, acted upon perfectly from everyone (liebgoot crying when he has to tell them to stay in the camps and not eat, Nixon when he first sees the camp.) Perfect Episode10/10Chapter 10: A great episode which basicly showed that altough the war was over, people were still dying. It also shows the absurd points system which caused a lot of tension within the soldiers. Finally shows the future of each surviving member of the company.10/1095/100


Title: Perhaps Not The Masterpiece It's Made Out To Be

Review: If BAND OF BROTHERS was made to show the gut wrenching cruelty of war it certainly succeeds . My god what a thoroughly depressing series full of scenes that will make your jaw drop . A young German not a day over 15 looks an American officer in the eye just before he is shot dead . Another German soldier falls wounded under the path of a tank and is crushed to death and German POWs are routinely shot dead . We also see soldiers on both sides with their limbs blown off and soldiers being killed by friendly fire and the whole bleak atmosphere of this series feels like we've been transported to the era of Vietnam or even to the first world war where slaughter felt like slaughter instead of a moral crusade . That's right we look upon the second world war as a crusade against Nazism as if that lessens the carnage and sacrifice people experienced in those days as if that made their deaths and injuries less painful or traumatic in some way As superb as BOB is on a technical and amoral level I couldn't award the series more than seven out of ten . This is down to to the fact that once again we're seeing a somewhat Americancentric view of history and there's a massive irony that this is an Anglo-American co-production between the BBC and HBO . I've lost count of the times I've read on this site that " Hey the guy playing Winters is English , and so are most of the cast , they're accents are perfect " so why is it we once again see Uncle Sam racing single handed to save the world from Nazism ? The opening episode features a cockney geezer and some gunners in the background ( The implication being that the Brits sat on their asses while the Americans parachuted into Normandy ) , an idiotic tank commander in episode four ( That's the episode where the Americans jeer Monty ) and a dead British officer in the final episode . To be fair episode four features an end caption pointing out that during operation marketgarden the British airborne division had 80% casualties but anyone watching BOB without any primary knowledge of the second world war will believe that the second world war was mainly a conflict between America and Nazi Germany with no one else doing much . Even the series tagline of " The world depended on them " churns up feelings that this series in some ways is little different from an Errol Flynn / John Wayne actioner and this series is far too good for that comparison I'm not trying to sound anti-American . I often receive messages from Americans on the subject of conflicts and most of them show themselves to be open minded and intelligent . I'm not criticising America but I am criticising the original source by Stephen Ambrose who has made serious factual mistakes . One notorious instance is that after the show was broadcast the family of Albert Blithe came forward to point out that he didn't die from wounds in 1947 but made a full recovery and was still in the army 20 years later when he died from natural causes . Another error is that Hitler's Berchtesgarden was captured by the 101st airborne division when in fact it was captured by the American 7th infantry regiment . If Ambrose can make fundamental mistakes like this then what other historical errors feature in BOB ? In short BOB is a graphic testimony to the vile ugliness of war . It's certainly a good series but one can't help thinking it's rather poor history . Perhaps IMDb voters who have praised this as the definitive feature of the second world war may like to read up on more history books like Max Hastings flawed but compelling Armageddon or Corneilus Ryan's trilogy of THE LONGEST DAY , A BRIDGE TOO FAR and THE LAST BATTLE for a wider picture of what was happening in Europe 1944-45