Title:  If you mix Scarface, Robin Hood and maybe Tyler Durden with enough meth - you'll get a mean cocktail called 'Heisenberg'


Review: If you are among the few who haven't seen it yet: believe the hype, it really is THAT good. Breaking Bad may not depict reality the way 'Generation Kill' or 'The Wire' did - but then it's not about that, either. From an artistic point of view - performances, writing, direction, camera, music - this show is every bit as good as the other two mentioned above, but unlike those, 'Breaking Bad' just wants to entertain and therefore enjoys a lot more creative freedom.The show plays like the daydream fantasy of any underachieving, struggling middle class family man who's had to bury all his dreams (I mean: who wouldn't want to be a meth-kingpin for a little while?), before it turns into a nightmare. One could almost say that 'Heisenberg' is Walter White's 'Tyler Durden'(for those who don't get the reference: watch 'Fight Club' - you won't regret it).For pure entertainment value, this is simply the best show I've ever seen. Every single one of the main characters has already reached the status of a screen icon - when does that ever happen?! Most fun I've ever had watching a TV-show and an instant classic.Favorite films: http://www.IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-known Masterpieces: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Low-Budget and B-Movies: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls054808375/Favorite TV-Shows reviewed: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls075552387/


Title:  Brilliant Character Work In Pitch Black Comedy-Drama


Review: The age of Bryan Cranston has returned. Once universally lauded for his work in Malcolm In The Middle, there had yet to be a good vehicle for this man's particular talents. He has that rare gift of generating sympathy and manic-energy at the same time.For those that would be content to label this show a Weeds knock-off, bear in mind that Breaking Bad is a new kind of monster. It touches on the very same themes, "living realistically as a middle class in the United States" which often makes us resort to extremes to survive. Like the mother and daughter team that robbed that bank. But the weed selling antics of Showtime's hit show is really nothing like "Bad." The Pilot was about as perfect a Pilot as I've ever seen, and much of it rests on Bryan Cranston's shoulders.Cranston plays Cheimstry teacher Walter White. He has a loving wife, a child with Cerebal Palsy and another is on the way. He also happens to be dying from an inoperable lung cancer situation, which happened although he "never smoked." His finances in disarray, the once great student of science turns to crime to solve his problems.He cooks Crystal Meth with a good for nothing ex-student. From the antics of the first episode, the show is leading towards a dark place, but a place of truth. This is a no nonsense black comedy.For people that love Tarantino or the Coen's, this might be your cup of tea.


Title:  Stunning Comedy-Drama


Review: I probably haven't been hooked to a TV show like I am to Breaking Bad before. This beautiful piece of art is incredibly well written and directed, furthermore the actors are doing a tremendous job! I've read a few remarks about the pace of the show, saying it is too slow. I completely disagree, there are so many aspects which get their place in the series, every single one in its own way and it would be horrible if we'd see a too fast paced show containing ridiculous cliffhangers like we see them on the major networks. Because this way you can entirely fall in love with the show, the characters and every tiny detail of the story and the best part of it, it is unbelievably addictive and makes you starve for more week after week! 10/10 Kudos to Mr. Gilligan, kudos to Mr. Cranston and kudos to everyone else who's making a contribution to this show!


Title:  Incredible Show


Review: I have to echo another reviewer on here and say that as of the past many years I have not watched television, save PBS, Discovery, or History channel. And the news, of course. There has been nothing except The Sopranos and Family Guy in the realm of series that warranted my attention. Almost everything out there is stupid drivel that insults the intelligence of educated human beings. But Now !! Now we have Breaking Bad !!!All I can say is: HOLY S**T !!! This is the best television series I've ever seen, and really goes into the realm of feature films as well, as far as being in my top ten. I cannot think of anything as of late that punched me in the face like this show did. I absolutely love it. If you have not seen it, do yourself a HUGE favor and rent the first season so you'll know what's going on, and you can see the transition of the characters. This show is beautifully written with plot twists coming in refreshing ways, and at just the right times. Some of what is shown I was surprised they put it on television,... and that's a great thing !! The acting is brilliant, and the themes are amazing, timeless and timely, and are presented to us in thought provoking ways that leave me pondering philosophical ideas long after the show is over. Yeah, this is a TV series !!! On AMC !! Hard to believe. This is one I'm raving about to everyone I know, and hope keeps going for a long, long time !!! Thanks to everyone involved with this genius show !!!


Title:  Mind Blowing


Review: BREAKING BAD:Season One explodes like a sucker punch to the gut, and is nothing short of mind-blowing. The pilot for this series is a definite "Must See", and stands with the greats of Action/Adventure Television and Cinema. This segment begins at such a giddy peak, that you think the only way forward would be to tell the tale as a long flashback. However, through a marvelous piece of editing and writing, the plot miraculously moves forward from that point. Bryon Cranston's idiosyncratic performance is a joy to behold. He embodies a man who is against a rock, and an even harder place, who has no other option but to throttle his higher aspirations and grimly carry on. His solace and validation in middle-class morality and virtuous conduct is long gone. I eagerly look forward to more of this ambitious, entertaining series.


Title:  Addicted: Meth or Math.


Review: Drug wars, meth, the lot. I thought no thank you. I kept hearing how good it was and I kept saying: "No thank you" Last January I got sick, one of those illnesses you can't quite figure out. Maybe it was pre and post election depression, I don't know. But I stayed in bed for almost 10 days and then it happened. I saw the first episode and I was immediately and I mean immediately, hooked. I saw the entire series in 9 days. Voraciously. Now I had time to reflect. Why I wonder. When I think about it the first thing that comes to mind is not a thing it's Bryan Cranston. I know the concept was superb as was the writing but Bryan Cranston made it all real. His performance, the creation of Walter White will be studied in the Acting classes of the future. He is the one that pulls you forward - as well as backwards and sideways - then I realized that his creation acquired the power that it acquired, in great part thanks to the extraordinary cast of supporting players. I could write a page for each one of them but I'm just going to mention Aaron Paul. I ended up loving him. I developed a visceral need to see him find a way out. Well, what can I tell you. I know that one day, maybe when my kids are old enough, I shall see "Breaking Bad" again. I can't wait.


Title:  Breaking Bad is the best television show


Review: "Breaking Bad" is the best television show. Ever.We start out with one main character, Walter White (played by Bryan Cranston), who is struggling to make ends meet working both as a high school chemistry teacher and part time at a car wash. Then he gets diagnosed with cancer. Then he breaks bad.Teaming up with an unlikely sidekick, Jesse Pinkman (played by Aaron Paul), who is the immature "yo, bitch"-spouting, high-school-screw-up small-time drug dealer, Walt and Jesse both put their skills towards the drug world to try to make good by their families.This show has been masterfully put together with layer upon layer of insight into some of the most interesting characters ever realized in the history of television. We have some very dark characters, and a lot of grey characters, and it all adds up to brilliant dialogue and plot lines.The creator, writers, directors and actors have paid attention to every single detail, putting thought into every nuance in every character in every scene. Because of this attention to detail there is something for everyone in this show. Every thinking brain will immediately be attracted to the intelligence so evidently on display, that even if you're not a drug dealing chemist living in Albuquerque, you will find something in the characters that connects you to them and makes you hang on for dear life.Get on your couch now and start watching "Breaking Bad" from the very beginning, and don't miss a single scene.


Title:  Please stay on the air....


Review: Absolutely one of the most ground breaking bad ass shows on the screen, (pardon the pun). Definitely not for everyone but finally something that feels real.I personally like the fact they pull no punches. I find myself pausing at the fact that I am so intrigued by this hard core street wise program, more than any of the other big name series. This one really hits home and gives a true behind the scenes look at what most would consider the bad guys. I'm not condoning the contents of the story, and I don't think the show is either, there is no glamor in what these boys are doing, but it's giving an insight to the darker side of many streets. How the denial and desperation that can occur to the common working stand up citizen, the pillar of society that suddenly changes his moral standing in a society driven by the almighty dollar. This is pretty dam close to Fallen (Michel Douglas) but with up to date street smarts nd a lot more punch. The characters don't over exaggerate their roles and the story line isn't filled with cleaver dialog or near to impossible feats of bravery or beating impossible odds. Just true to life screwed up events that could take place in the real world. I think they did their research on this one. Good work everyone. I hope we get more than a second and third season out of this great crew (every one of them). From the writing and production sets to the acting, costumes, lighting, filming and originality. I've seen a few good series lost to the wrong decision makers, hope this one doesn't end up short (long live FireFly)Chuckbytes


Title:  Hello, Mr. Cranston - Meet Ms. Emmy...


Review: As the clueless, hapless and hopeless father of four on the celebrated series MALCOLM IN THE MIDDLE, Bryan Cranston came into his own, as he did an amazing balancing act that juggled slapstick, pathos and insanity all at once, proving that not only did "father NOT know best", but more than likely never would.Now he essays the role of another father in the new series BREAKING BAD, but it's a shocking, bracingly refreshing turn that takes his 'Three Stooges' repertoire of grunts, shrieks, barks and neurotic ticks and virtually throws them out the window. Some of those qualities are still there, but unlike MALCOLM, BREAKING is the blackest of black comedies. When I first heard about it, the reviews I read compared it heavily (and favorably) to the Coen Brothers' dark crime comedy FARGO. And the comparisons are aptly warranted.This is one of those series where the less you know about it going in, the better, but just to set your mind reeling with the possibilities, here it is in a nutshell: Cranston plays high school chemistry teacher Walter White, who is constantly battling the lackadaisical attitudes of his disinterested students, the looming specter of financial disaster - by supplementing his paltry teacher's salary with a second job at a local car wash, and trying to cope with the impending arrival of a new baby, even as he and his wife raise their disabled teenage son, whom unlike many stereotypical portrayals of handicapped kids is no Pollyanna-like angel. Then in the midst of all this, Walter makes a shocking discovery: he has inoperable lung cancer, and therefore only a few years left to live at best. Facing the very real possibility of leaving his family struggling not only with his death, but a financial situation that could only end in catastrophe, Walter suddenly has a revelation, thanks to an idea handed to him by his boorish brother-in-law, who works with the DEA - he decides to become a crystal meth dealer. Okay, so while you're letting your brain take that all in, you also need to know that this is one of those defining roles where you just know that the lead actor will get Emmy recognition, whether he intended to or not. That is just how good Cranston is as Walter. In fact, he's every bit as good as Michael C. Hall's Dexter Morgan, James Gandolfini's Tony Soprano or Harold Perrineau's criminally under-appreciated Augustus Hill. And he's backed by an amazing supporting cast of mostly new or unfamiliar faces (with the exception of Dean Norris as the brother-in-law).You can tell from the word 'go' that writer/producer/director Vince Gilligan (former head writer/exec producer on THE X FILES) has been champing at the bit for a while to let fly with a project like this. And if the first episode is any indication, AMC has another real winner on its hands. So MAD MEN will need to move over and make some room...since BREAKING BAD isn't the kind of series to "ask nicely."Which brings up another important point: this is not a series for everyone, the way that FARGO and Showtime's kindred-spirit drug dramedy WEEDS are not mainstream, either. This is sharp, biting, satirical social commentary that draws blood when it sinks its teeth in, and you are guaranteed to wince even as you laugh out loud at Cranston's dead-on portrayal of a MAN on the edge of a nervous breakdown (well, more like over the edge.)A caveat for would-be viewers, though, and a very ironic one at that: AMC has applied its ham-fisted method of editing its movies to this series as well, unfortunately, making the channel the LAST place you want to see it. The best thing to do is to check out the premiere episode whenever you can catch a rerun on AMC, then hustle on over to iTunes and download it so you can watch it again. Some very important scenes and some impressive establishing shots have been "edited for time and content" from the broadcast version, and this is material that IS essential to your experience viewing this show. There is a lot more to the characters and situations than you will be allowed to see on basic cable. So as you watch, keep that in mind.And after you are done marveling at this magnificent character study sketched in desperation, you can wonder as I did, whether Bryan Cranston will bother preparing a speech for next year's Emmys. I sure hope he does...thanks to his work on BREAKING BAD, he'll need it.


Title:  Everything you already heard about this show - is probably an understatement.


Review: Everybody has their own opinion of how many stars a show deserves, whether more stars or fewer it's seldom so many people agree. "Breaking Bad" is possibly the best TV drama ever made - there isn't a wrong step, bad episode or miscast character throughout the whole series run. A willing suspension of disbelief is an absolute requirement to enjoy this drama. It is probably not plausible to believe that anyone like Walter White could succeed as a meth chemist for even one season without being killed or caught let alone the 62 episodes the series has. But the tight, virtually seamless story, and the sympathetic characters, who nearly all resonate with most viewers, make you willing to set aside any differences with plausibility (which, admittedly, the show takes huge liberties with). Like most serials it is best not to watch the show out of order! More then any other series, huge changes in plot, story and character arc take place so fast you are likely to be completely lost if you skip episodes. And the show is the proverbial roller coaster, taking you to the low points and peaks right along with your favorite characters, you might not want to miss a minute in this original and daring TV drama once you start watching!


Title:  99.44% Brilliance


Review: To say this program has great writing is an understatement. BB has the best writing I have ever had the pleasure of listing & reading (I always leave the captioning on). The acting is top notch by Cranston. It is also very good by Aaron Paul (Pinkman), Dean Norris (Hank), Betsy Brandt (Marie), RJ Mitte (Walt junior). Unfortunately, it feels like Anna Gunn (Skyler) is the weak link. It is hard to know if the Gilligan is trying to make a somewhat awkward and unlikable character, or if it is just not hitting the mark. I prefer to think that the writing is intentionally odd for Skyler for some reason, and that we will get to learn more in the episodes and seasons to come. The dialogue is absolutely brilliant for the most part – it almost always rings true. The episodes are gripping (for the most part). The story is brutal and comedic at the same time. I have to opt for a 10/10 because there is not another program that comes close – even Dexter which I've been enjoying for 5 seasons doesn't have the writing or acting to stand up to BB.


Title:  Step aside Tony Montana, cause here comes Walter White.


Review: What an awesome change of pace for Bryan Cranston, who is best known for playing the goofy dimwitted Homer Simpson like dad from Malcom In The Middle(2000-2006). But this character is not goofy or dimwitted. Walter White is your everyday man, who is a high school chemistry teacher, and has a loving wife and handicapped son. On the verge of his 50th birthday party. He begins having a mid life crisis, to make matters worse, he is diagnosed with terminal cancer. But not wanting to leave his family with nothing, in a quick way to make a lot of money. He teams up with a former student named Pinkmam(Aaron Paul) who is now a drug dealer, to make the drug called Crystal Meth. You don't like what Walter is doing, but at the same time you try to understand why he is doing it. I like watching the transformation he is going through, like Mr.Chips turning into Michael Douglas from Falling Down(1993). This series is quite enjoyable, it's a good dramatic series, with some humor moments. Cranstons performance in the show is memorable, and at times heartbreaken to watch. And he and Aaron Paul play off each other so well. I hope it will last a little while.


Title:  Breaking Bad is a Once In a Lifetime Experience


Review: After many friends recommending me the show i had finally started watching it.. I could not get out of it.. i did not come out of my room for 3 days and completed 5 seasons eventually.. i could not cope with the end of the show and i could not find anything that can top this show.It intensifies season by season.. IT'S ALL ABOUT REACTIONS.. Acting 5/5 Plot 6/5 Score 4/5 Overall feel 22/10 There are no words to describe how great this show is so stop reading this review and start watching it..


Title:  Best Show Ever On TV


Review: OK, we all know the synopsis: gifted but henpecked high school chemistry teacher gets lung cancer and decides to cook world class meth, hijinks ensue. But it's much more than that.The show is written VERY realistically. Because Walt starts out as such a real human being, in every scene, in every episode, right to the end, the viewer finds him or herself asking, "What would I do in the same situation?" No other show has managed to do that.And as the show goes on, one's answers diverge more and more because we're less in Walt's position with every episode. How would a normal person go about making and selling drugs without getting caught? What would we do when our competition came to kill us? Those may be pretty simple. But what would we do when our loved ones found out, and keeping it quiet meant harming them, for whom, we tell ourselves, we have taken all this risk in the first place?They say there are only seven basic plots, and America's clear favorite is "overcoming the monster," but this is not that kind of story. It's a "tragedy" much like the greatest story ever told: The Iliad, and it has elements of a dark comedy in it. Walt is Achilleus. Gus is Hektor. The DEA and APD are the gods, not knowing who to help and where to strike, and not entirely good guys in any case. The intelligent viewer will go from rooting for Walt to hating him just slightly less than his enemies. The less intelligent viewer will go from loving Walt to merely hating his shrewish but sensible wife. But all will enjoy the show. Buckle up for the ride of your life.


Title:  This show broke me badly.


Review: First season took off a little slow. It settled up premise, characters, the mood of the show, its world, if you will. It has some great moments though, like body disposal scene from the second episode which made me choke on my own laughing tears. Second season blew me away. Completely. Right from the very beginning. Second episode Grilled along with sixth episode Peekaboo,being so damn hilarious, bizarre and gripping, I'm sure, will fill find their places in the TV's Hall of Fame, trust me. What third season will bring, has yet to be determined.The show has quality to surprise. At first I was a bit skeptical toward it: A school teacher turns to be a drug dealer? Yea' I've heard something similar is already on TV, and I wasn't excited. So if creator of the show appeared to be someone else than Vince Gilligan (who made earlier in his career significant contribution to development of another great show "The X-Files") and if the show was on channel different than AMC or HBO, I even doubt I'd give it a chance. By the way, the pilot was shot with intention to be sold directly to HBO, that's why it later was edited for nudity and explicit language by AMC, which still is a cable channel, but apparently trying to remain more "family friendly.""Breaking Bad" could be ridiculously funny and hellishly creepy, it contains some rough images and topics, not to mention that it's filmed astoundingly, unbelievably beautiful. Juxtaposition of plots, characters, places, even colors and sounds provides unique installments which had me on the edge of my seat, shaking with laughters and shivering with excitement and aesthetic delight.Show's overdramatization brings us to the part which I praise the most: Style. It's kind of style that first puts before our eyes some quite clichéd soap-like picture: Common middle-America family consisting of middle-aged Chemistry high school teacher, his pregnant wife, and their cerebral-palsy-inflicted teenaged son. Then chain of circumstances invokes some highly absurd and eerie, often impossibly funny, unbearably scary and hopelessly sad situations. It's the kind of style you may find in 50's noir films, in pictures of French nouvelle vague, in characters of movies by Quentin Tarantino, the Cohen brothers and Robert Rodriguez. In spite of the vortex of intense and dangerous situations the show manages to carry throughout all its episodes some unexplainable vibe of incredible, Buddhism-like calmness. As if we were told some sort of ancient myth or fable. Of course it has a lot to do with sophisticated work of cinematographers and subtle inputs of art designers. Although I usually prefer dark, foggy, shadowy – could be said depressing – cinematographic atmosphere ("Twin Peaks," "the X-Files," Millennium," "the Sopranos"), I found myself amazed by crystal clear images of "Breaking Bad." Insignificant and empty on the surface, yet filled with dimness and despair; New Mexican sun that doesn't burn you, it gives chills and almost numbs you in the end.I'm not going to say anything about lead actor Bryan Cranston. His character doesn't speak that much either, it's all written on his face. Aaron Paul's character, on the other hand, has some mouth on him, but don't let him disencourage yourself, yo biach. Their intentions are good, in different ways. But you know the road to hell is paved with what, aren't you?All of the above combines in highly unorthodox, exceedingly entertaining and fairly thought-provoking top-notch TV-show third season of which premièred March 21st on AMC or wherever you may or willing to get it.


Title:  One of the most engaging television shows I've ever seen.


Review: I started watching Breaking Bad quite late (around the time of my first year in college, so we're talking 2012-2013, right before the final season aired) Everybody was praising the show to death, so eventually I gave in and decided to see for myself what all the fuss was about.Wow. Just wow.While the show has quite an unusual premise, it takes you along for the ride in every sense of the word. Bryan Cranston as Walter White has to be one of the best character portrayals I've ever seen. A major transition from Hal in Malcolm in the Middle. He succeeds in capturing every nuance of White, from overworked square to calculating crime lord.Aaron Paul's performance as Jesse Pinkman is fantastic also, displaying the utter tragedy of a wannabe meth peddler who happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. His dynamic with Cranston's White is brilliant and their chemistry (pardon the pun) is tough to beat.The cinematography throughout the show is beautiful. As a film graduate, I have the utmost respect for the production team for some of the shots and scenes they have captured over the duration of the show's airing. The editing as well should be heavily praised as well.As I said, for an unlikely setup; an overworked high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with lung cancer teaming up with a former pupil to cook methamphetamine to finance his family after he dies, it draws you into the drama.The supporting cast add so much to the story also. The likes of Gus Fring, Mike Ehrmantraut, Saul Goodman and Hank Schrader are instrumental to the development of the story and are excellently portrayed by the respective actors.People give Skyler a hard time for always being on Walt's back but let's take it from her perspective: her husband has become involved in a business that could potentially bring about the deaths of everyone in her family? Seems like a reasonable excuse to oppose him.In a sense, Walter Jr. is kinda the weak link. I mean, yeah fair enough, the actor and character has cerebral palsy, and RJ Mitte does a good job as the character, but he really doesn't go beyond eating breakfast in terms of character development, which is a shame. I would have loved to have seen a scene where he meets Jesse and confronts him. Ah well, too late now.Aside from this, Breaking Bad remains a masterpiece of television.


Title:  Wow, simply the best series ever


Review: I was teased into watching Breaking Bad over the last few years but never took it up, but after recently joining Netflix picked this series.What a journey! I've watched the whole series in just over 2 weeks and must say it's been a roller coaster. A truly remarkable piece of work and the last episode has been emotional. I'd only heard of Aaron Paul on Top Gear a while back in which Jeremy congratulated him on his acting, and I applaud both him and Bryan Cranston (who I watched in 'Why Him') are both spectacular - not too sure what can fill this void now!All the actors in this brilliant piece of art should be congratulated (loved his sons performance throughout (Roy Frank "RJ" Mitte))A truly amazing roller-coaster and would recommend spending the time to watch (don't let the first 2 or three episodes put you off)


Title:  Just like The Godfather, This Show is Legendary Status. Simple.


Review: Saw my headline? Yeah, that's all I can say. Watch it and enjoy the ride. I can watch the entire series again! From episode 1 of season 1 til the very end, it was such a pleasure :) There's a reason the show is so popular. I was sad when i finished it. From a teacher to the great Heisenberg..BITCH! See what I did there? You'll get it soon enough, just watch it :)


Title:  Television has finally reached it's peak


Review: I cannot find words to tell you all how perfect this show is, but all I can say is that there will be none other that can beat this perfect TV show. Breaking Bad deserves all the hype it gets, Vince Gillian truly delivers to the viewers. You will laugh, cry, and your jaw will be dropped to the floor at how shocking it can get. I get how I'm posting this in 2017, but this show will go down in history for being one of the best shows ever. If you haven't seen it, you NEED to see it right now, I can guarantee you that when you finish the show you will NOT regret it. AND, the 3rd to last episode of the series is the only 10/10 to ever make IMDb, so that should explain itself. WATCH IT!


Title:  Breaking Everything.


Review: What I so love about "Breaking Bad" is that we know it leaves a legacy. It's not when we see sales skyrocket for a show. Not the Emmy awards. But when we watch a finale that does it the right way (sometimes, it works to do it the wrong way), and it leaves us speechless. It's not only that we are actually satisfied with this series finale, it leaves on that rare high note that other shows cannot seem to catch through their runs. They either stagger, or take a strange road. Only "The Sopranos" knew how to go down the ambiguous road, and it fit perfectly. "Breaking Bad" takes us from good to bad, and the journey is not a straight line. It zigs, it zags. It dings. it explodes. What we have here in the finale goes beyond the ambiguity and finds the spot in hell that each and every character deserves. All "Breaking Bad" has ever done is tick like a time-bomb, and all through "Felina" I could hear that ticking. It takes a second time to appreciate "Felina", and the whole series all-together, because its so dark and deep, the dig continues. Each season is a cakewalk compared to the next. It grows yet dies. "The Sopranos" gave us a playground of deep emotion and a ride into the subconscious. "Breaking Bad" gives us the results of the up and the down without cutting to black beforehand. It cuts right when it needs to, because this is an open and shut story. A story that weaves through all the predictable shows and gives us unbearable suspense, all due to the fact that it can be so unpredictable. It is beautiful, in the darkest of terms. How rarely does the puzzle piece fall into place so masterfully.


Title:  This show deserves more than 10, thanks Vince Gilligan & Bryan Cranston for giving the world The BEST..


Review: the BEST TV DRAMA SERIES of ALL TIME Breaking Bad After so many lugubrious turns, "Breaking Bad" came to an end on Sunday on an almost uplifting note.Running since 2008..5 Glorious SEASONS & 62 clinching EPISODES & rating of 9.5/10 on IMDb & 99/100 on Metacritic it ended with the MOST SATISFYING FinalE ever..Watched by 10.3 million viewers.A simple story of a chemistry teacher making blue meth for providing his family with his former student teaches us every important meaning of LIFE.With very REAL/GREAT/EXTRAORDINARY performance by Bryan Cranston & created by Vince Gilligan this TV Series blowned my MIND..totally.I have watched so many Great English TV Series like The Walking Dead, Modern Family, The Big Bang Theory, Supernatural, Firefly & Sherlock also but this was PURE GENIUS.All Hail The King HEISENBERG!!!


Title:  Give it a try!!!!!


Review: This show is one of the bright spots of this train wreck of a 2008 television season. Bryan Cranston has to be IMHO one of the best acting talents out there. Just compare and contrast his portrayal of the clueless father on "Malcolm in the Middle". On "Breaking Bad" his character light years different. That's not to say that his roll of Hal on "MITM" was inferior to the character of Walter White here. However he shows his "range" here VS. there. There is going to be the inevitable comparisons to "Weeds" and unfair or not there are parallels. Both center on basically good people forced to make due in order to survive or keep their families solvent--bottom line give "Breaking Bad" a chance I'm betting you will be pleasantly surprised. My only problem with this show is the incessant bleeping of the "colorful language". Either don't include it or don't bleep it, it gets very annoying after two or three bleeps.


Title:  Fantastic show that killed my spirit.


Review: This is a hard show to review. The first few seasons were incredible but I feel that they dragged it out too long. As the weeks go by I found myself thinking "really, there are 5 seasons of this". I am truly diverse in my tastes and don't get offended very easily at all. I love gore, gritty, sci-fi, fantasy, comedy, romance, animation. You get the picture I really do not discriminate and instead judge on it's merits. But I found that Breaking Bad exhausted me. Five seasons of disgusting, corruption, ferralness, deplorable human behaviour took it's toll on my level of appreciation for this show. If it had been shorter I would have enjoyed it more. I know it was revolutionary and truly realistic but in the end I despised it for being great and the fact that I had to see it through to the end.I know people will think I am mad for writing this but does a show that is fantastic but sucks the soul and heart out of you make for as good TV as everyone believes; or was everyone else too caught up in the hype to admit their true feelings about Breaking Bad.


Title:  By Far the Best Show on TV Ever!


Review: By Far the Best Show on TV Ever! The show captures you from the very first scene of the very first episode. Week after week I sat on the edge of my seat as Breaking Bad would unfold in HD and the beauty of New Mexico combined with the masterful writing and cinematography left me breathless. I laughed, I cried, I got mad, I got sad, I was stunned but through it all I totally enjoyed every episode. The show is so solid in every aspect it's a treat to watch and enjoy. From the Pilot of Breaking Bad in 2008 Season 1 to "Felina" the sixteenth episode of the fifth season of Breaking Bad and the sixty-second episode of the series altogether. It is the final episode of the series. It's been a bittersweet ride. I love this show and now that it's over I'm burning my TV.


Title:  The greatest show ever created.


Review: The greatest show ever created. Perfection in every detail. It's an experience of great cinematographic art and character development. The intensity and drama will ensnare you. Yet the black comedy will make you laugh. This show is all it could be and will stand in history as one of the most amazing TV-series ever made.And the cast... Never forget the cast. Every actor and actress fills their parts with great success! With the great Bryan Cranston in the role of his life.The show was perfect, all bad things must come to an end. And what an end.I bow humbly