Title:  Worst movie i've ever seen


Review: A week ago i watched Daniel der Zauberer. I wanted to give it a chance after all the bad reviews it had received. This foolish idea ended up being just a waste of my precious time.THe plot reads as follows: A boy who became famous through a TV show has problems with people who don't like his music. The main character is played by daniel kueblboeck, the new star from Germans pop idol (so Kueblboeck actually plays himself). After all I'm proud i made it through the movie. To be honest i only watched it till the end to write about it. The movie itself is so bad it almost hurts physically. So this is a warning : DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE!! DO NOT GIVE IT A CHANCE!( unless you are either a masochist or a küblböck fan). Don't say i didn't want you. This movie should receive a 0 Voting instead of an awful.


Title:  German singer Daniel Küblböck plays himself in a dramatic bad art-movie


Review: This is probably the worst movie ever.Daniel Küblböck shouldn't act. Never. Even it's the end of the world as we know it. Never, never, never.Some people give this movie 10 points, because they feel compassion for him, but if you are objective, this is the WORST MOVIE EVER MADE.I know girls like him because of... uhmmm I don't know, but fact is, he isn't an actor, he isn't a real singer. He only passed in the casting show, because he's funny, not because of his "talent".This kind of art-movie is responsible for 90% of eye cancer victims and mental deceases. DON'T WATCH THIS MOVIE (except you are drunk or drugged)


Title:  The worst film ever made


Review: Obviously Ulli Lommel, the creator and director of "Daniel der Zauberer" had some urgent bills to pay back in 2004..Just a few facts about this movie: - the visual quality is miserable, the whole thing is filmed using a cheap DV camcorder, just like an average holiday movie produced by a nearsighted, shaky retiree .. The kind of stuff nobody would like to watch on the big screen..the "actors" are acting .. very bad! Think about the worst performance you have ever seen - and than imagine all the bad actors being drunk, insane, spastic and disabled in many other ways.. Than multiply the resulting "badness" with the number of sand grains laying in the sahara desert and you've got an idea of what "Daniel der Zauberer" is like! The only reason why this movie has left the very justified last place of this Movie Database is because the voting was falsified by organized hordes of "Daniel Fans", it really IS the worst movie ever made..


Title:  Worst movie I've ever seen ?


Review: YES, beyond any doubt, this is indeed the worst movie I've ever seen. Even the cheapest action flicks cannot come close to this outrageous offense to the eye. This movie not only is an insult to any person who regards himself even a bit intelligent. No, this movie is one of the reasons you seriously start to doubt, that freedom of thought is a good idea. The acting is nothing more than a bad joke. You might get offended if you watch this movie with even the slightest expectations. I will restrain myself from speaking about the actors themselves because I don't want to use foul language. So please, don't abandon your pride. If you don't vote with a 1 please don't vote at all. This movie has truly deserved nothing better by a sane person.


Title:  God, how awful


Review: Daniel der Zauberer is probably the worst ... "movie", I've ever seen. And I've seen many, many movies. It's cruel. Save your money or throw it in a trash can, but don't spend any money for that ... "movie". It seems to me, the director didn't find enough real actors for his ..."movie", so he fills the cast with his family and family of Daniel Küblböck. And for all the happy folks out there, who don't have any idea who on earth this Daniel Küblböck is... He's some an former candidate of the German "Pop Idol", who's lack of talent is only matched by his airs and graces.Don't say, I didn't warn you.


Title:  don't even think about it...


Review: What shall I say, seeing the trailer was bad enough, knowing who the lead actor is makes my brain go to standby... Unless you want to get really upset about such a waste of time and resources, which this sorry excuse for a movie is, give the money for the video or whatever to charity. The acting is wooden, the voice of Daniel makes you want to rip your ears of, basically everything about this flick is so unbelievably bad (even the posters, which you can still find in catalogs) are real bad and I cannot imagine who would want to buy them.All thumbs down.This is the worst film in the history of mankind yet. All filmmakers will be hard pressed to top (or bottom, in this case) this one.


Title:  This one is really bad


Review: In few words: This movie simply sucks. To be frank it's probably the worst movie I've ever seen.There are huge problems with the concept of the story. Some might argue about the (non existing) abilities of Daniel Kübelbock as an actor. However you could imagine a story with Daniel Kübelbock playing himself in a self ironic way and some kind of trash factor supporting the rest of the story. Now Daniel Kübelblock is actually playing himself and the whole story is trash (if you would look at it from that point of view, actually more points could be given), however the film -I actually searched on several pages on the Internet to confirm this, cause I didn't believe it after I first watched the movie- wants to give its viewers a serious message and is determined to be considered as art. I would call this movie "Entartete Kunst" if the Nazis hadn't already used this term for their evil purposes. Still doing it in spite of this is quite tempting.Most of the other actors are better than Kübelbock, still they are far below average to say it in a friendly way. Quite amusing are the sociolects (in particular indicating uneducated and unemployed people) and jargons (representing a high consume of the German mass media culture) several actors are using. There are several slips of the tongue as well in some quite simple sentences. It really adds a lot to the already great trash feeling this movie provides.


Title:  You are lucky if you never even heard of this film!


Review: If you get to see this film, you have already made one of your greatest mistakes in your life - I can not remember seeing a worse film - I can not even imagine it. This film WILL be No. 1 at the worst-ever list, once it gets enough votes. When I saw it I had problems to understand the film acoustically because of all the people hooting at the screen.SOME SPOILERS:The story is about Daniel K., a German celebrity discovered in a casting show, who deals with the problem that most people do not like his music. A group of goths is trying to kill him - so far for the good part - but he manages to charm them with his magic!The film is made with a hand camera without any apparent reason, and it does not seem to fit. The acting is actually pathetic, and it was probably not a good idea to include Daniel's family in he cast. The story not worth mentioning and in most scenes the characters act as unlikely as possible. And the singing is awful...


Title:  Do not watch this movie, not even for a joke


Review: This movie won me a bet with a friend of mine. I said she could not watch this without crying, yelling or leaving the room.. well she cried, she yelled and she tried to left the room, but it was locked by that time.Do not watch this movie .. this isn't a game, this isn't negative psychology to make you interested and there is no message intended apart from "Do not watch this movie". Since the whole "plot" evolves around people hating the main actor, and you will hate the actor while watching this work, you get the distinct impression that the movie is actually aimed at you. Should that be the case, it's the cultural equivalent of stoning the viewer to death.


Title:  I lost 80 minutes of my life.


Review: First of all... don't watch this movie without knowing that you are going to have a good movie which will heal your wounds after watching this movie! A 5.5 stars rated film of any genre should do. 6.5 stars might even make your evening if compared with this movie. When I heard of Daniel Der Zauberer being in the bottom Top 100 I decided that it is my duty as an anti-Daniel-fan to watch this movie. By the way, I've seen 'Plan 9 from out of Space' too but for a different reason. This movie was the most horrible experience in my whole life. I almost bit my hand off while listening to the totally senseless dialogue's and the lethal singing of this halfbreed. He can't be from this planet! The worst scene is Dannyboy sitting there reading his own fan-mail to his entire family and giving comment on every letter written by young girls and old ladies...how can you dare? Then after this first torture he goes jogging and sings the whole time.I'm very sorry that he managed not to be shot in the neck by his kidnappers. That would be a reason to watch this movie again. I agree with my German friends that this movie is the biggest waste of time and resources. All thumbs down!!!Only goody: You come to see all his crashes and humiliations from the days in the Jungle Camp!!!Greetz, Felix


Title:  This is one bad "Musicians who can't act" movie!


Review: Urrgh!!!!! Now, I know I love the movies with musicians as stars, and that many people disagree with me about this, but this movie, "Daniel - Der Zauberer," is one notable exception! This movie is not good; it's bad, bad, bad!!!!! I mean, we have the German pop idol, Daniel Kubelock (or something like that), a Michael Jackson wannabe, and we have a bunch of assassins trying to kill him! Plus, the whole movie is like watching "behind the scenes" footage! What kind of musical movie is that????? Oh, well. Guess I'll be watching bad musicals like "From Justin to Kelly" and good musicals like "Grease" for the rest of my life! Where's the "Mystery Science Theater 3000" team when we need them?


Title:  In one word: Manure ...


Review: Let me tell you a little story: having once worked in a video store, my boss had ordered 15 copies of ?Daniel der Zauberer" – two for rentals, 13 to be put into sale. He assured me that this was a wise choice since, at the time, the name Daniel Küblböck was in mouth and ears of many pre-teens and teenagers. Küblböck made second place in Germany's "Superstar"-version ("DSDS") and was groomed to become Germany's version of Michael Jackson; music and persona being as artificial as the tip of Jackos nose. Surely a few handsome bucks would come from the rentals.Need I still mention it? Neither rental copy ever left the store. Not once. After having reduced the price to 50 cents, my boss tried to give the DVDs away for free, causing two copies to leave the store. One customer who took a copy assured me that this was meant as Christmas present for 'that guy dating his ex-girlfriend'; the other copy was taken by a drunk who wandered the adult section and who didn't own a DVD-player.Whatever happened to the remaining 13 copies, you ask? Unless my boss has used them as make-shift beverage coasters, they remain the only films in that shop to carry the label "Free".Is "Daniel der Zauberer" the fabled 'worst movie ever'? Well, sure "Daniel der Zauberer" makes "Plan 9 From Outer Space" look like a Cecil B DeMille picture – but it's by far not the worst film ever. Oh, by no means. Just check out any other Ulli Lommels production, for example "The Zodiac Killer", "Black Daliah", "BTK Killer" or "Green River Killer". They're all god-awful; all bad enough to turn your best friend into your worst enemy.You might wonder why I bother to write a review about such manure: well, it's fun to make fun of movies that are worst than anything you've every recorded with your cell phone.And now you asked me how many points I give and to pass judgement over this film – to paraphrase the "Black Adder": good sirs and madams, I wouldn't pass water over "Daniel der Zauberer".


Title:  Crap'n Cult'n Küblböck


Review: This movie is bad, it's cheap, it's ridiculous and unbearable... and yet there's something about these 78 minutes of boredom.Is it the contrast between the semi-pro colors and the amateur camera work? The contrast between the waaaay too long live-performance part at the beginning and the terrible jumpcuts and plot holes later on?The downhill slide of bad acting and stupid dialogs? The stunning dull locations? The cheap teeny music? Or is it the idea of presenting an untalented (and colorblind?) would-be-superstar as the leading hero?I don't know what it is, but in Germany this DVD is a popular gift to bring along when being invited. It's only 1 Euro and it's fun to force the "bona fide" receiver to watch it at least once - it's been a gift, you know ;o)The joke of the cover-artwork being actually more expensive than the making of the movie and the fact that the incompetence lasts right into the DVD menu with several typos makes this film truly the worst of the worst!Danke schön Ulli Lommel, danke schön Daniel Küblböck!So dare to watch it in a row - you'd be the first. And if you ever wear a green/white "Theramed"-tuxedo and strike a pose like Daniel on the backcover of the DVD your life has been an empty fraud...


Title:  Worst "movie" ever!


Review: OMG, this "movie" is purely awful. It is only about some German wannabe-singer whom others loathe (including me) and thus want to assassinate him. But good Daniel manages to convince them of his goodwill by using his "positive energy". Seriously, this is probably the worst "movie" ever! Only by watching a few snippets on YouTube you could tell that is it a reeeeeeal stinker. My favorite scene:A woman wanted to commit suicide, but Daniel's music saved her! Daniel is so excited about this what he doesn't even consider to dress like a "normal" person rather that some bisexual, bipolar geek who's favorite hobby it is to dance around in the snow, waring a PINK!!!! jacket and green boots.If you can't get the movie for free, don't buy it! For Heaven's Sake, PLEEEEEEASE don't buy this one!


Title:  Nearly impossible to track down, but worth it.


Review: It's unfortunate that the only place this can be tracked down is Germany's Amazon. As much as they may be sick of it, this is a bad movie buff's wet dream. It's unintentionally funny from start to finish, even if you can't understand a word of the dialog. The mistaken "consummate entertainer" at the heart of this mess, Daniel Küblböck, is a sexless clown who spends the entire film in old lady sweaters while he writes the most banal, oppressively bland pop songs imaginable. Some goth weirdos show up to stalk Daniel outside his home and backstage at his concerts, muttering their intentions while Daniel croons away like a dying cat. They're lead by a shady nogoodnik who bares a distracting resemblance to Peter Stormare. Their acting, especially that of the long haired, brooding guy in black leather had me laughing out loud. An actual "wizard" of sorts shows up at one point as well, but what his significance is, and whether he's simply a product of Daniel's diseased mind, is totally incomprehensible to me.There are far more unbearable films to pick up for Bad Movie Night. This is Germany's "Ben & Arthur". Track it down on their Amazon, it's the equivalent of about five American dollars and well worth it.


Title:  The Horror, The Horror.......


Review: I watched this movie recently.... well, i tried to watch it, but had to turn it off after 20 minutes because i couldn't take the utter stupidity and lameness of it. The Plot? well, two Goths plot to kill Daniel with the help of some "ghost"... which is in fact a good thing, considering what an annoying person with an even more annoying and torturing voice the antagonist (kueblböck) is.... but he manages to turn them to his side by using "positive energy", which is nothing short of the stereotypical hippy cr*p that was sprouted all around in the 1960's ... and this whiny attitude was the same reason why hippies (not really) but even more so kueblböck is hated. if they had only succeeded and the movie had a proper twist.... but as it is, one can tell the story in the first 10 seconds... this is pure utter sh*t... the same soap opera kitsch schmaltz we have to endure weekdays, because some women in their 40's or/and teen girls want to escape reality for a second and infest their brain with "happy-happy" thoughts. if they only could do it in a proper manner *sigh*, instead of admiring a bi-sexual (tsss, if he would at least have some dignity like proper gays and bisexuals do, and not just to show what a p*ssy he is), semi-intelligent person with the mindset of a 3yo... you know, go and read a proper book, not something that the mainstream media feeds you.... those books can be read, really, and they are great innovative stories.... not just some dull autobiographies about people who have achieved nothing at life, like Mr. küblböck. but thankfully his star is falling.... did anyone hear of him in the past months? me neither *takes a deep breath*.... if you really want to do something in the 90 minutes of life this movie would take instead of watching it, go and start digging in your nose. or even better, rent a movie that at least tries to stress your braincells... (if you are a fan of this, you probably have none, though....) one more comment to the poster "richard": i laughed my ass off while reading your post.... good satirical work, man.... (tsss, as if the only German actors were comedy geeks... try to search this page for instant, you might be surprised about German movie gems.... like "lola rennt" for example.... or German movies of the past, like "M"...) trying something new is fun.... if that "new" has some substance and doesn't consist of a movie lighted out with construction site lamps (they really did this...) and the actors should have at least visited and acting school instead of being just random bums from around the corner.... and there is also no set in this movie....do yourself a favor and don't watch this without having got a prior lobotomy..... it might make your braincells pop, its so action-laden and full of thrills and emotion.... *sniffs* (that was sarcasm!!!! )


Title:  This is the real "The Ring"-video! Do NOT Watch it, you might die!!!


Review: This movie has a great premise, a boy and a girl, encouraged by a crazy old guy, want to kill the actor Daniel Küblböck. They fantasize how to kill him and even go to his house to end his life, but restrain form it. They change their plan and decide to kill him during a concert and as a nice side effect become famous. But that is the only good part of the movie. The assassins of course get converted by the "power" of Daniel's music and become fans of him. If you watch this movie, be aware that there are several songs sang by Daniel Küblböck which can permanently damage your eardrums. This film could have been so great if there was a gory death scene of Daniel Küblböck. I watched this movie mainly, because I hoped to see a "good" b-movie, but I was disappointed. Some b-movies have a cult factor, but that doesn't apply to Daniel - Der Zauberer. You can see way better movies on y**tube. With better I mean: better acting, lighting, directing, story, make-up... I recommend to watch this flick heavily drunk or as a test of courage. But by all means DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS MOVIE!!! DO NOT RENT IT!!! If a friend of yours watches it, then watch it with him, but don't make the mistake to spend just one cent on this crap movie! If you want to waste money then burn it, throw it out the window or flush it down the toilet, at least you will have more fun than you will have by watching Daniel - Der Zauberer. If you still want to watch this epic failure, watch the trailer first, it doesn't get any better than that.I give this 0 out of 10 stars, but since that's not possible 1 not deserved point.


Title:  Why? Honestly... WHY!!?


Review: This movie... is a disgrace to the art of film making, and to film makers everywhere. Why... would you make, a film about some craptastic singer who cannot sing for the sake of his whole family from dying? Answer me! WHY!? This movie, I have nothing to say about it. It's the reason why there is war, why peace will never come, and why the world will end sooner or later... it's that bad my friends. IT'S THAT BAD!!! Why am I even talking!? I cannot save you now... you are already.. DEAD!This movie, makes me want to stop watching and reviewing movies altogether, as it is the worst movie of all time. This movie, the director, and MOST IMPORTANTLY... the star of the movie, should lock themselves in a shaft, and shall never be seen again... EVER!!!!


Title:  crap


Review: First of all, as an excuse for watching this movie: My girlfriend brought this piece of crap for around 50 cent as a "joke-present". I watched it and used it to produce some kind of parody. Yes, I made a Youtube-Poop out of it. (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1CfK5CzFSo) That was quite good material for this purpose. Now, to say something about the actual movie. It has very bad acting, a script which seems to be written for completely dumb people only and has very bad quality in general. If you want to have a good laugh at some of the poorest things mankind ever produced, go on and watch it. You will not be disappointed. Otherwise to cut it short: This movie is suicide for your brain. Don't watch it!


Title:  There is no excuse for this


Review: Well, what can I say? A friend of mine an me we are a huge fan of trash movies and we have really fun of watching these kind of movies. So of course we also came across this item. We were really looking forward to this because we assumed a lot of funny passages but even with our expectations set as low as they could get while watching this movie it got down under... This 80 minutes movie is pure terror. You cannot even have a laugh about it and you first realize how terrible this movie really is after you have finished it. It is leaves you with the feeling after watching a deep blue drama just without the empathy and tears. Well, I really warn you about watching this piece of junk. The camera is the worst kind of recording I ever came across, Daniel Küblböck sings the worst songs I have ever heard (and it is not hard to guess, that he wrote the songs himself)- low light "Teenage tears" - and the script is so lacking of any talent that you really hate everybody who has something to do with this movie.I may say that I give everybody a chance, but after this movie Daniel deserves the hatred he gets. He is causing it himself. None of the characters is a tiny bit sympathetic and every minute passing by seems like forever. And nobody has any talent to act. It is also the longest movie I have ever seen.Another thing is that this movie is called Daniel - Der Zauberer (German for magician). Well, there is just now and then a reference to a magician but he never is one. Would it be an intelligent movie, i would guess Daniel would be an imaginary magician and his music is sort of the magic, but due to the fact that this movie is not a slightly bit of intelligent it just cannot be.This movie is a slap into the face of the movie industry. How could anybody allow this to happen in the first place?! DON'T WATCH THIS MOVIE! I would categorize it as horror or psycho terror. There is no Comedy, Fantasy or Crime in it - well crime is only the fact it has been produced.... I'm done...


Title:  this movie is a deadly weapon...


Review: ...if developed earlier, they could have used it to kill a million soldiers in world war. do not watch it. i am from Germany and i am a masochist. so i used to be a witness of the evil rise of daniel küblböck in German media. after being losers in history, German people like to torture themselves by stupidity and bad taste. even massive hate about this situation is not enough to do not warn you from watching this film. the unholy alliance of lommel and küblböck will not only feature eye cancer but will drive you into deepest depression, like you survived a terrible accident but your family and all your friends are dead. i overestimated my power when i made the decision to take part in daniels world and let his "positive energy" flow. i expected a lot of agony, but i was no way near it.. i am not afraid of going to hell, anymore, because i had the hell on screen. even rocky balboa would pray for a countout and not get up to see it ever again. as there are no zero points to give - lowest rating ever possible combined with warning above. thomas.


Title:  It's a Good Thing his Name is Daniel, Otherwise I Couldn't Guess his Gender


Review: I am so, so sorry.I am not sorry for this movie. I am sorry for myself. Vain? Certainly. But vanity, I'm afraid, is a virtue in this instance.Daniel Der Zauberer (or Daniel the Wizard) is a movie about German...entertainer (...?)...Daniel Küblböck. It is apparently supposed to be an art movie about how his singing inspires thousands, but instead of just a bunch of dancing and singing (like the ego trip known as Moonwalker), it seems to have a plot. My German is negligible in this case, so I didn't understand *any* of the dialogue, but according to the handy Internet, a Goth band tries to kill him because his music is better than their's, or something like that.There is a character who I guess is supposed to be "the Wizard" of the title, Johannes Küblböck. Based on the fact that they share the same last name, I assume he and Daniel are father and son, but we never really learn whose side the Wizard is on; I was perplexed. Sometimes he helps the Goths, then he apparently is playing Santa or something for young Daniel (?). And there's something about a girl and her father, who are No. 1 fans trying to help him, although I honestly don't know what happened. The girl looks a little young for him, is it his sister? The ambiguity, perhaps, is the balancing factor of this movie. In many instances, ambiguity can set up a nice atmosphere, provide a bit of mystery...but this isn't a horror or mystery movie. It's an art movie, and an art movie where I really don't have a clue what's going on. My main problem was that it was hideously boring and the acting was terrible.Oh, and of course, I was especially creeped out by Daniel's...choice of dress. He's not gay, I'm sure, it's just...Ah, well. Terrible. And my favorite movie is Manos: The Hands of Fate.


Title:  1.0000000000001 out of 10.000000000000


Review: "The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." Look at the success of this movie before you decide whether to watch it or not. I've seen so many movies in my short life so far but I think that this one has shorten my total lifespan since it was a total waste of time. If you're insane enough and want a challenge, watch it! But don't blame me after you've done. Special effects: wrong movie dude... 1/10 Sounds&Music: you know... he sings... 2/10 Story/Plot: no action, no tension, no humour, seriously: there's nothing 0/10 (not interesting at all!) Actors: well you know... i guess you can call it 'acting' ... 1/10 Enjoyment: seriously i doubt you're going to like it -.- 1/10 cya


Title:  A Milestone in the History of Trash


Review: If you're going to watch "Daniel the Magician", prepare to face what real, awful Trash means. This movie lacks all logic and structure, it's a painful, merciless attack on brain and eyes. Sit back and watch what I would call the "Waterloo" or the "Stalingrad" of German cinematic entertainment. Ulli Lommel, former follower of the famous director Fassbinder, has done a decisive step in the history of trash-movies. I don't know whether Fassbinder would be ashamed or happy about what Lommel so consistently has given birth to, but I am sure, this mutated freak, this abhorrent monster of a movie will be a long time one of the milestones in the universe of b- and c-movies. If you're a trash fan - watch it! Definitely! If you're kinda "normal viewer" - don't even touch this freaky cinematic disaster! 10/10


Title:  Documentary? Fiction? Who knows? It's awful either way


Review: I don't know what this is, if it as documentary, a mocumentary or a fictional story, or maybe a bit of all three. The main character in the movie is the androgynous popstar and runner up of German Idol, Daniel Küblböck, played by himself. The movie showcases several of his performances which I assume to be real. So far it's more of documentary than anything else, then the fictional part breaks in with a wizard running around with a tuba in his hand, and a trio who hate Daniel and plan to kill him. Since these parts are shot in home-video style they might as well be part of a mocumentary about some idiots trying to kill a popstar. Confusion of genre apart, Daniel himself is fiercely annoying with his shrill voice and flamboyant mannerisms. Wikipedia tells us he was voted most annoying person in TV in 2004, and this movie really shows that side of him. A documentary, or whatever this mess is supposed to be, with focus on an incredible annoying pop star is not a niece experience. When the would be killers had Daniel at gun point around the middle mark of the running time, I was so glad we get rid of this awful guy, but they wussied out and as a result of which, I had to suffer through another 40 minutes of him and his grating voice.Since i saw the film in German, without subtitles, I will give it the benefit of the doubt, and award it one point.



?
