Title:  A unique film


Review: Fight Club is one of the most unique films I have ever seen. In addition to presenting a rather fresh take on life, FC also presents its material in a fresh way. My main interest in the film is in that, in my opinion, it does not present characters for us to think about. Rather, it presents actions for us to think about. I will say that I cannot recall *ever* having been "asked" by a film to both suspend my disbelief the way this film asks in its third act AND at the same time come to terms with an understanding that there is no room--or need--for disbelief.Perhaps these comments will not make sense to the average movie goer who will dismiss this film--and, unfortunately, its premise--as another hollywood flick filled with gratuitous violence. I'd go as far as to say that this film is not about violence. It is about choices. It is about activity. It is about lethargy. It is about waking up and realizing that at some point in the past we've gone to the toilet and thrown up our dreams without even realizing that society has stuck its fingers down our throat.I would argue that anyone caught, at some point in their lives, between a rock and a hard place--anyone who has reached bottom on a mental level--anyone who has uttered to themselves "Wait, this isn't right. I would not do/say/feel what it is that I just did/said/felt... I do not like this. I must change before I am forever stuck being the person that I am not." These people, they will know what I'm talking about. These people will not only recognize the similarities between Edward Norton's character and themselves--they will be uncomfortably familiar with him. These people will appreciate Fight Club for what it is: a wake up call that we are not alone.As David Berman once said: "I'm afraid I've got more in common with who I was than who I am becoming." If this sentence makes any sense to you, go see Fight Club. You won't regret it.L.


Title:  This is a very important movie.


Review: When I first saw the previews for this movie, it had me interested.  A movie about guys who fight - it didn't seem to deep, but I thought it would provide entertainment.  I had heard buzz about, a few of my friends raved about it for a few days, and I was convinced.  I should see this movie.  I went to my local video store and picked up the last remaining DVD.  I popped it in, sat in amazement until the last credit rolled, and then watched it again.  And again.  And again.This movie is dark and disturbing, however, it is equally smart and stylistic.  I found it hard to watch at points, but I couldn't turn my eyes away.  Fight Club makes many bold statements against the modern consumer-driven society, and produces Norton's best performance and Pitt's second best (12 Monkeys).Norton plays an average-Joe who is living a dead-end life.  He needs something to change his life.  Tyler and Marla will take care of this, and that is all I want to give away.  Other comments will tell you more, but I suggest you let it all sink in while watching.  As for it's ending, it doesn't rival 'The Sixth Sense' - it blows it away.  One of the best movie endings I've seen.  Even better if you're a Pixies fan.As for it being important, don't worry.  You will be hearing about this movie.  When 'A Clockwork Orange' came out, it was met with mixed reviews, deemed too dark and violent, and is now considered a classic.  These two movies share quite a bit in common - both were based on great books.  If you haven't read either, get to it.  Politicians will use this movie as a demonstration of careless and consequenceless violence in movies, and as a perfect example of what today's youth are being influenced by.Watch this movie, and watch it again with some of your more intelligent friends.  10 out of 10.


Title:  Life-changing Fight Club


Review: I am, unfortunately, not one of the faithful Chuck Palahniuk readers who had read the book BEFORE they saw the movie. I, however, couldn't wait to read the book after seeing this film. I've read the book 5 times since and seen the movie more times than I can remember. Simply put, this movie changed my life. Not just on a personal level (on which I will not comment here except to say I'm now a major Palahniuk fan) but also as a movie-watcher. I view movies differently after seeing this movie, because it broke down doors. This movie is literally the first time I ever came upon something that, at first sight seemed incredibly stylish, sophisticated and entertaining. The plot lured you in before turning you upside down, the acting was nothing short of perfect (has there ever been a more memorable character than Brad Pitt as Tyler Durden?), the music, the screenplay (based on what is now my all-time favorite book), the lighting, the pacing, the everything! Virtually everything about this movie took my by surprise, save for one man. David Fincher, director, was probably the only reason I went to see this movie in the first place. His work on 'Seven' and 'The Game' had me excited to see what he would do next, but I came to this movie expecting a stylish flick that offered a good plot and hopefully some good acting but what I got was so much, much more. Honestly, how many times have you seen a movie that, with every viewing, gets even more complicated yet so simple that you can't help but laugh. Every time I watch this movie I notice something new about it, such is the depth of what is on the screen. Then there's the tiny issue of the story of Fight Club, penned by Chuck Palahniuk (who has one of the most fertile imaginations around. Don't believe me? Read 'Survivor' and weep!) the story is nothing short of incredible, a pure shock-value social commentary on the state of the world at the end of the century. You'll cry, you'll laugh, you'll do all the clichés but most importantly you'll identify with every single thing on the screen. This movie rates as one of my all-time favorite movies and, simply put, if you haven't seen it yet then quit wasting your time OnLine and get to the nearest videostore! 5/5


Title:  Welcome to movie heaven!


Review: Let's ignore the advice and talk about "Fight Club". This film was a milestone; although it bombed at the box office, Fincher's cinematic language left a mark that can still be felt now, 14 years later, on many current releases. Despite the risky 'cutting edge' nature of the film, Fincher got a huge budget for this and it shows: the camera effects and the whole production design are amazing.This movie has a raw energy that grips me every time I watch it. What a crazy, fun ride! Whether it is a very clever satire or pure testosterone going on a rampage - both are fine by me. A film so visually stunning and sexy, with career best performances by all involved - welcome to movie heaven.My vote: 10 out of 10Favorite films: http://www.IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-known Masterpieces: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Low-Budget and B-Movies: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls054808375/Favorite TV-Shows reviewed: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls075552387/


Title:  a dangerously brilliant film that entertains as well as enlightens.


Review: "Fight Club" an aggressive, confrontational, often brutal satire that is quite possibly a brilliant masterpiece. Taking the "Choose life," anti-consumerism rant at the beginning of "Trainspotting," and carrying it to its logical -- albeit extreme -- conclusion this is a big budget, mainstream film that takes a lot of risks by biting the hand that feeds it. The film's narrator (Edward Norton) is an insignificant cog in the drab, corporate machine, dutifully doing his job and what he's told without question. He's an insomniac slave to his IKEA possessions and only finds joy in going to as many self-help/dealing with terminal diseases sessions as he can. It provides him with an escape from his sleepless nights. That is, until Marla Singer (Helena Bonham Carter), a trashy chain-smoking poser, enters his life and upsets his routine. The narrator also meets Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt), a charismatic soap salesman whose straightforward honesty, candor and sleazy lounge-lizard outfits are a breath of fresh air. One night, after the two men have bonded over beers, Tyler asks the narrator to hit him. At first, it seems like an absurd request but after they pound on each other for a bit, a strange feeling overcomes them. They feel a kind of release and satisfaction at inflicting pain on one another. In a world where people are desensitized to everything around them, the physical contact of fighting wakes them up and makes them feel truly alive. Others soon join in and pretty soon Fight Club becomes an underground sensation. However, it becomes readily apparent that Tyler has more elaborate plans than just organizing brawls at the local bar. David Fincher has taken the dark, pessimistic worldview of "Seven" and married it with the clever plot twists and turns of "The Game" and assembled his strongest effort to date. "Fight Club" is a $50+ million studio film that remains true to its anti-consumer, anti-society, anti-everything message -- right up to the last, sneaky subliminal frame. What makes "Fight Club" a subversive delight is not only its refreshing anti-corporate message but how it delivers said message. As Fincher has explained in interviews, you don't really watch the film but rather download it. Its structure is extremely playful as it messes around with linear time to an incredible degree. The narrative bounces back and forth all over the place like a novel, or surfing on the Internet -- even making a hilarious dead stop to draw attention to itself in a funny, interesting way that completely works. Yet Norton's deadpanned narration holds everything together and allows the viewer to get a handle on what's happening. This is the way films should be made. Why must we always have to go through the A+B+C formula? "Fight Club" openly rejects this tired, clearly outdated structure in favour of a stylized frenzy of jump cuts, freeze frames, slow motion and every other film technique in the book that only reinforces its anarchistic message. A film like this would have never been greenlighted by a major studio if Brad Pitt had not been attached to the project. Once you see the film, it becomes obvious that he was the only choice for Tyler Durden. Like he did with "Kalifornia" and "Twelve Monkeys", Pitt grunges himself down and disappears completely into his role to a frighteningly convincing degree. During many of the brutal fight scenes, he is transformed into a bloody, pulpy mess that'll surely have the "Legends of the Fall" fans running for the exits. It is an incredible performance -- probably his best -- for the simple fact that he becomes the character so completely. If Pitt has the flashy, gonzo role, Edward Norton is his perfect foil as the seemingly meek yet sardonic narrator. It's a deceptively understated performance as the last third of the film reveals but Norton nails it perfectly. He is clearly our surrogate, our introduction into this strange world and his wry observations on our consumer-obsessed culture are right on the money. They are the perfect setup for Tyler's introduction and his view on the world which is clearly a call to arms of sorts, a manifesto that rejects the notion that we are what we own. And ultimately, that is what "Fight Club" tries to do. The film is a cinematic punch to the head as it challenges the status quo and offers a wakeup call to people immersed in a materialistic world where those who have the most stuff, "win." I think that Fincher's film wants us to tear all that down, reject corporate monsters like Starbucks and Blockbuster, and try to figure out what we really want out of life. It's almost as if the film is suggesting salvation through self-destruction. And it is these thought-provoking ideas that makes "Fight Club" a dangerously brilliant film that entertains as well as enlightens.


Title:  Great Film: Deserved Several Academy Award Nominations


Review: The script was tight, the theme fascinating, the acting incredible (especially Edward Norton, as one might expect), the direction inspired, and the cinematography stunning. It is one of the few films of the past five years that deserves to be seen multiple times.  In fact, if you have seen it only once, you have missed something.  I was seriously hoping the movie would receive Oscar nominations for Best Actor (Norton), Best Screenplay, Best Director, Best Cinematography and Best Picture.So, how is it that the film received no nominations? Unfortunately, it had a mismatched ad campaign.  The ads made it seem like the movie was about street boxing, instead of a intellectual and emotional ride through a man's psyche as he takes a strange path toward rebellion against consumer society. As a result, most who went to see it were disappointed, and those who would recognize its brilliance stayed far away from the movie theaters.  This is one of the most underrated movies I know.I always love movies that keep you entertained and keep you guessing, and this movie scores a 10 in both.  Those who enjoyed The Game, Memento, or The Matrix really should check it out.


Title:  It doesn't get much better than this


Review: Similar in idea to 'American Beauty' but certainly not in style or content this bleak look at underground culture and the spiritual redemption it brings is easily one of the most intelligent films I've ever seen. Directed by the same man who brought us the superb 'The Game' this is another film which you'll have to see more than once to truly understand.  Focusing on sad white-collar, middle-class Norton whose only real dream in life is to own all the contents of an IKEA catalogue it follows him through a chance meeting with charismatic stranger Pitt and the unfortunate events which conspire to draw them together. After a nights hard drinking they start a friendly-ish scrap which is viewed by a couple of others and from that small acorn a mighty oak called Fight Club grows. This is the point around which the whole film revolves with Norton and Pitt forming an underground club which draws more and more disillusioned young men to join it. Based on firm 'Queensbury Rules' it is a cathartic if bloody way to spend your night. Eventually as it becomes a huge operation Pitt, the de facto leader, moves it up a gear and creates his own cult from this secret society. This is where the film becomes brilliant and the twist near the end is magnificent, better even than the much talked about 'The Sixth Sense'. It just has so much to say about things: the emasculation of an entire generation of young men ("No great war to fight, no great depression"), the growing isolation we all feel from one another and the need to find something to draw us back together and most importantly, the power of an exciting, challenging idea and it's fermentation into cultism. However, where many films would just say 'This is a bad thing' 'Fight Club' doesn't. It is more a condemnation of a materialistic society which has forgotten about a large section of itself. You can empathise with these men completely, even when they band together against this uncaring society that has reared them to be something their instincts don't understand. It's as close to genius as you'll get and one film you'll talk about and think about for days.


Title:  A rare film that challenges the viewer to come up with his own interpretations


Review: Faithfully following Chuck Palahniuk's acerbic satire, Fight Club presents the vast emptiness of modern existence- ridden as it is with shallow values, rampant consumerism, empty of meaning, feeling and life itself- in a slick and ironically consumer oriented fashion.  In a different vein from American Beauty, Fight Club explores the solutions to the veritable sleepwalking existence that plagues modern life.  The film is violent, but it is not gratuitous violence, and any reviewer who claims that the film is promoting violence has missed the entire point of the film. A very black comedy, it is sure to provoke much conversation- it is definitely a film to see with friends.  The film is fast-paced, densely packed and merits a second viewing, just to take it all in, especially if you haven't read the book. In typical Fincher style, you the viewer are left to draw your own conclusions. He feels no impetus to tell you how to interpret what you've seen, appropriate since the film condemns falling victim to the strictures of what society tells us to think and to value.  My only criticism is that the editing is not as tight as it could be in the middle section of the film, it drags just a bit then picks up again. Other than that, it should definitely be an Oscar contender.


Title:  Brilliant Direction and Superb Acting


Review: Fight Club is a brash slap in the face of consumerism and the working dead. It questions reality. It is strikingly thought provoking and visually stimulating. The direction is incredibly brilliant. Director David Fincher (Aliens, Se7en and The Game) is at his finest here warping both space and time, dropping in things here and there to make things clear. Edward Norton is excellent as Jack, the narrator of the movie. He is a nerdy insomniac who catalog shops at Ikea and has a going nowhere job. Brad Pitt is dynamic as Tyler Durden, an anarchistic man who lives in a run-down abandoned house and makes and sells soap for a living. Helen Bonham Carter is also great as Marla Singer, the manic-depressive chain-smoking woman in both their lives. Her role is critical and she plays it well.There has been some controversy about the violence in this film but it is not gratuitous violence, it is part of the story and serves it well. It is much less than what you would see in your average Hollywood blockbuster. This is actually an insightful film and in many ways similar to American Beauty, although this film is much more in your face about it's message. If you are squeamish, you may not want to see it. There are some very painful bloody scenes, but if you can stomach it, then check it out. There is also a huge twist in this film that almost rivals the twist at the end of The Sixth Sense. And I must admit, it is the twist in this film that made me really love it. The best audience for this film is men in their 20's or 30's, but anyone that can appreciate film as a modern art should like it. One of the best films of 1999.


Title:  Probably the best movie of the decade


Review: After watching this movie I was totally filled with enthusiasm. Fight Club is definitly Fincher's best movie even better than se7en. It's not only the story but the optics which fascinated me. When I had seen it for the second time I could see this movie with the knowledge of the conclusion which is really fascinating as you'll see Fight Club in a totally different perspective. Also great about Fight Club is its soundtrack performed by the Dust Brothers and especially the song 'Where is my mind' by the Pixies which really fit to the end of the movie. Unfortunately Fight Club didn't have much success in Germany but anyway the movie got best reviews of the German press. I also have to mention the brilliance of Ed Norton and Brad Pitt who plays best in roles in which he performs the villain. But it's quiet amazing what Edward Norton is able to do - he is just overwhelming. For that role he has to get the oscar.


Title:  Generally positive comments


Review: This film, is basically, at least in my opinion, one of the greatest films ever, period.  I read the book afterwards, and equally enjoyed the book. The film is definitely for younger people, the critics of films, in general are older, so they cannot appreciate this film.  The film defines the younger generation, only younger people can relate to it, however, older people(middle aged+) can appreciate the art of the film, the beauty of the camera work, as well as the excellent acting.  The film, in every aspect is fantastic, it begins with a rather humorous narration, from a person we grow to know as, "narrator".  It goes about to show how he lives, and his way of life.  In these scenes alone, movie lines that will go down in history are said, and it's only the first twenty minutes.  The film tends to progress faster and faster as the film continues.  We delve into the narrators psyche, and find that he is not unlike most people in this world, he has a tendency to say to people what they want to hear, even if it is not the truth in it's entirety.  Almost all folks can relate to the main character, and he feels to be a real human, not a character in a story.  This, is partially due to the excellent directing, as well as book, but it is mostly due to the fantastic performance by Edward Norton. It, in my opinion is an Oscar performance.  Bradd Pitt gives his best performance to date, he is definitely an excellent coworker with David Fincher, they seem to share a common thread when it comes to film making I suppose.  I have full intention of purchasing this film when it is released on VHS and DVD.  Do yourself a favour, see this film, if that is not an option, at least read the book.  If you are younger and feel unrest with society, this is the film.


Title:  Superb


Review: Superb, and truly one of the greatest movies of all time.It starts with the screenplay. Adapted from, and very faithful to, an excellent book. The book by Chuck Palahniuk was perfect for a movie: vivid, powerful, challenging, original, unpredictable. Considering how perfectly formed the book already was, the screenplay would have been a doddle.Some very interesting themes are explored - consumerism, class warfare, multiple-personality disorder, male bonding, terrorism and anarchy - without being judgemental. Direction is spot-on. Perfect cinematography, pacing and editing. The twists and nuances of the book are captured perfectly.Edward Norton and Brad Pitt are perfectly cast as the two lead characters, and deliver in spades. Helena Bonham Carter is a strange selection to take on the role of Marla, as she tends to act in Shakespearean dramas and other period pieces. However, despite this, her performance is very convincing.An absolute classic.


Title:  A Pretty Looking Nightmare


Review: David Fincher is terrific with his camera. Visually his films are a wonder. Unfortunately the contents are so thin that the interiors of his tale vanish very quickly. What remains is "the look" and the promise, no matter how unfulfilled the promise remains. Edward Norton is sensational, especially in the first 20 minutes of the movie. Brad Pitt, already a film icon, does his thing, and that, of course, is a plus. Helena Bonham Carter surprised me big time with a facade I had never seen. The slow motion of the smoke coming out of her mouth as Fincher introduces her to us is a work of art in itself but, and that "but" is a real problem, nothing remains because deep down there is nothing there but a fantastic eye for and to startle and amaze. I'm sure that sooner or later David Fincher will come out with something that is as powerful inside as it is outside.


Title:  Fincher's half


Review: I sat through the first half of this movie with my mouth open. It was so exciting, brilliant, a Fritz Lang for the new millennium. Edward Norton's face. That insomnia that he carries all over him is so magnificently drawn that creates the opposite effect on its audience. I was awake, very awake, sitting on the edge of my seat, devouring every moment, enjoying it like hell. Helena Bonham Carter was a like a great silent movie star doing her first talkie. Pola Negri, Theda Bara. As if this wan't enough, Brad Pitt, and Brad Pitt is Brad Pitt with all its fabulous connotations. Then, can you explain to me why I detested this movie? Why it made me so angry? Can you? I can only tell you that half way through I turned against the movie or the movie turned against me, either way I didn't like it. I felt cheated in the worse possible way. I felt treated like a moron. You start promising me the most unique film experience I've had in a long time but what you delivered was a tired, opportunistic, gimmicky, easy piece of nonsense. Why? David Fincher is one of the most consummated craftsmen American movies have ever had. Don't you agree? He can tell you a story, even something like "Seven", a horror thriller, in a way we've never seen before, at least half of it. He has an eye like no other. That's why my frustration. An artist like that putting himself at the service of something that's not done, not finished not worthy of his talents. You may think I'm being a bit too hard on the man. But let me tell you, it's out of love. I expect so much from him, I've seen what he is capable of. But so far have been only halves. Brilliantly acted, sensational to look at, but halves, just halves. He should look at Fritz Lang, Pietro Germi, Alfred Hitchcock, Michael Powell, William Wellman and naturally John Ford, Martin Scorsese and Steven Spielberg. Fincher already inherited something from each one of them. Now the trick is that it isn't a trick. Half is better than nothing. But in the grand scheme of things, it's not enough.


Title:  A lot of depth for those who look.


Review: To the world: This isn't really a movie about dumb guys beating each other up because they're too bored to do anything else. No, Fight Club is actually about personal and cultural revolution within a corporate consumer society that destroys the human spirit. At least, that's how I saw it.I loved this movie, and rating it a ten is not some whimsical fancy--I don't hand out gold stars for nothing. It looks good, sounds good, pacing, dialogue, acting, etc. are all excellent. Why it didn't rate higher on the mainstream critics' lists for cinematography alone is beyond me.What really makes this movie shine, though, is the unflinching way in which it looks at North American society--our mass consumerism, our slavery to stuffy corporate office jobs, our growing lack of what makes us human. The movie doesn't pull many punches.Norton's character is the automaton office lackey who is desperately searching for meaning in his materialistic shell of a life, Pitt plays the modern-day surfer/hippie Tyler Durden whose devil-may-care, spontaneous attitude to life offers the perfect (?) solution. These two personalities struggle to reconcile their different perspectives on life without destroying their relationship. To make things more difficult, Bonham Carter creates a love triangle to further test the friendship.Is it better to be free, alive, and chaotic, as in Pitt's anarchistic vision, or safe, secure, and bored like Norton's capitalist American Dream life? Or, can a compromise be found? Can love conquer all? This is the peripheral, deeper stuff Fight Club is made of, not the smack-down action that the trailers and critics focused on.This movie demands at least one viewing. If you're queasy about violence (there is a graphic fight scene or two), then watch it with someone who's already seen it and ask for an edited version. Even if you don't end up respecting the movie's message or the complicated questions it asks, it remains a well-crafted film, deserving of recognition.


Title:  The comparison to Clockwork Orange makes me puke


Review: Please.This is a dismal movie.  I'm going to spoil some stuff, so don't read if you don't want, but read on if you want to save some time and money.
After I sat through this abomination, I knew I'd come on here and see that it got great reviews, because it tried to be so artsy that weak-minded people would say they liked it just to try to convince themselves that they have advanced taste.  Midway through I told myself that if I heard that "I am Jake's this and that" line again I would get up and leave, but sure enough I kept hearing it and I stayed.  Maybe I'm as dumb as the filmmakers. The fact of the matter is that I haven't seen a plot this full of holes since "Slugs".  So if I start a fight club, the participants will just start showing up at my doorstep out of the blue and turn into mind-numbed drones that do my evil bidding???  Not only that, but this movie also taught me that if I stick a gun in my mouth and pull the trigger, not only will I live but I'll be able to talk to people in my normal voice, as long as I put a gauze pad on it.If you still don't know, this movie is about a clinically-depressed guy who's search for therapy leads him to Brad Pitt, who teaches him that beating the bejeezus out of people will brighten his spirits.  More guys find out about this, and they all join the "fight club" and then naturally go live with Pitt to become his evil minions.  Of course! This must be how the Wicked Witch found all those monkeys.  Their evil deeds get worse and worse, and the supposedly still-sane Norton inexplicably keeps hanging out with this bunch.  This leads to one totally inane scene where the evil monkeys return from a gunfight with one of their members dead, and all Norton can do is whine "C'mon guys, cut it out".So after this movie backs itself into a miserable corner, it's only escape is the equally awful "It was all a dream" ending, where we find out that Brad Pitt was just Norton's evil imaginary friend, and that Norton had been committing all these acts himself.  Please audience, forget the fact that the "imaginary" Pitt managed to pull Norton from a burning car wreck and pick him up off the ground and hurl him down a flight of stairs.  I don't care how psycho you are, your imaginary friend cannot physically pick you up.Plot hole #9233 asks us to believe that during this short time, Norton had been in EVERY MAJOR CITY in the US forming more armies of mind-numbed robot monkeys, and that every male over the age of 18 in the United States was now a member of his "secret" evil gang.  So anyhow, Norton finally realizes that he's been crazy all this time, and to kill Pitt he sticks a gun in his own mouth and blows his neck off, a wound which apparently isn't as debilitating as you would think, since he manages to get right up and make up with his girlfriend and watch peacefully as his evil plot comes to fruition.  But wait, you thought he was sane now and would be horrified at what he did? So would I, but that apparently also is not the case.Before you typically think that my movie tastes aren't as cultured as yours, let me tell you that I loved the masterpiece that was "A Clockwork Orange", and this movie was NO "Clockwork".  If Clockwork ended by telling you that the old man in the wheelchair was actually the killer and that McDowell was just his evil imagination, then we'd have a comparison, but Kubrick wasn't that horribly stupid.I am Jake's bad movie review.


Title:  Not what I expected. One of the best movies ever made.


Review: I had avoided this movie as I had assumed it was 'Rocky Goes Underground'. Saw it last night (May 2013) only because my son wanted to watch it and I was too tired to get off the couch. I was totally blown away. It has no resemblance to Rocky or any other boring boxing movie. Can't stop thinking about it today, certainly can't concentrate on work. Why? Because I totally identify with The Narrator and it seems from the comments here and from the consensus of viewer ratings that I am far from alone. Its not 'Macho Porn', or 'little-boy posturing' as Roger Ebert describes it. It is rather one of the most thought provoking movies I have ever seen.I unleashed my own Tyler Durden 10 years ago, not violently or illegally, but I did turn my back on my serf-like existence as a well- paid corporate slave. Sure it was painful and chaotic. But my marriage survived and now I run my own small business. Sometimes I think I made a mistake, as my former affluent life sure was easier. But it takes a movie like this to remind me how empty it was and how much more satisfying it is to take the road less travelled, to forge my own destiny, to have a proper work life balance that allows me to know my kids and to not be sucked into hollow consumerism.


Title:  Action movie with an infantile, rubbish plot.


Review: In short, Fight Club is a movie that attempts to give a distorted portrait of society as an evil in order to facilitate showing violence and yet more violence. But since the protagonist's disbelief in society is not substantiated, the movie has a hard time explaining the destruction plot. So, time has to be spent watching people fight. And of course, the disbelief cannot be motivated: The protagonist complaining that: "God damn it, an entire generation pumping gas ... We have no Great War. No Great Depression." is both romanticizing over events in Western history, that made absolutely no sense to the people living it, and at the same time mocking our grandparents and the life and society they fought for, ours.The main character continues: "We were raised on television to believe that we'd all be millionaires, movie gods, rock stars, but we won't".Well, learning to differentiate between yourself and "movie gods [and] rock stars" and learning that life is not all beer and skittles is what growing up is about today.So, Brad Pitt et al., grow up. And go read a book or something.The rubbish quote sums it up pretty good: "I see in fight club the strongest and smartest men that have ever lived. I see all this potential, and I see it squandered. God damn it, an entire generation pumping gas or waiting tables; slaves with white collars. We're the middle children of history. No purpose or place. We have no Great War. No Great Depression. Our Great War is a spiritual war... our Great Depression is our lives. Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate, so we can buy s**t we don't need. We were raised on television to believe that we'd all be millionaires, movie gods, rock stars, but we won't. And we're slowly learning that fact. And we're very, very p***ed off. "


Title:  boring, over-rated, pretentious, confused, and very silly.


Review: Although this film was watchable for the first hour or so, it goes very rapidly downhill for the sorry remainder of it's duration. There are simply too many different ideas vying for the viewers attention. Intellectuals have found acres and acres of meaning, which David Fincher wanted them too, although he knows that he has simply made an extremely pretentious and boring mess. It's not all doom and gloom though - there are some very good set pieces in the first half of the film that actually entertained me for a while.


Title:  One of the most frustratingly misunderstood films of all time...


Review: To criticize a film for having a shallow or confused message is understandable. The problem with this criticism is that, in the case of "Fight Club", the movie's message is not confused. It knows exactly what it's saying; but many people don't.Not only do some people jump to the conclusion that "Fight Club" is condoning violent or sociopathic behavior, but they think it's condoning fascism and terrorism, when it's actually outright mocking it. It's showing the juvenile pointlessness of it. Not only do some people miss that it's satirizing the teenage-rebellion mentality, but they assume it's pandering to it."Fight Club" is the story of two people representing two extremes: the Narrator, a white-collar worker who's become a slave to consumerism and the social construct around him, and the other is Tyler Durden, a violent nihilist with no regard for society or others, who feels the human race has been emasculated by materialism and advertising. Essentially, these two are exact opposites. But as the two of them become friends, they start an underground boxing club for the catharsis of people who feel just as trapped and emotionally apathetic as they do. Ultimately, Tyler takes this entire concept and evolves it into "Project Mayhem", a group devoted to vandalism and general mischief, but from there, it actively grows into a terrorist organization.The thing that SHOULD be the giveaway that it's not promoting this behavior is through the DEATH of an innocent man as the result of these actions, and the fact that we see the misguided members of Project Mayhem lose their personal identities to a dangerous cult mentality. I said it once and I'll say it again: Project Mayhem and their violent beliefs are not being condoned. And yet, to give you an idea of just how much the themes in "Fight Club" are taken out of context, there was a real-life incident with a kid in Manhattan who, influenced by the movie, attempted to blow up a Starbucks, as the Space Monkeys are seen doing in this movie. Of course, despite how obvious it was that this behavior was being mocked in the movie (and, once again, how they show an innocent man get killed as a result), authorities proceeded to scapegoat this movie, as if it was the fault of the film itself that someone foolishly misinterpreted the message and attempted an act of terrorism. The film blatantly portrays Tyler Durden as a fascist and a terrorist, and yet, people actually think it's promoting him, simply because it doesn't outright tell you what to think. "Fight Club" is attacked by everyone from politically correct New-Agers and prudish moralists with mantras of "ZOMG THIS MOVEEZ VIOLINZ FOR THE STOOPID TEENAEGERS LOLZ!11" (and of course, shouted down by so-called cinephiles for being unconventional in nature, and for being a Hollywood film). I recommend actually thinking this film over instead of going by knee-jerk reaction. If the things that happen in this movie disturb you (especially the ending), then good. They SHOULD disturb you. In short: "Fight Club" is condoning Tyler Durden's actions and beliefs as much as "Schindler's List" is condoning the Holocaust.Of course, that's my take on how the message is misconstrued, so what else does "Fight Club" have to offer? Well, as you'd expect from Fincher, it's a remarkable-looking movie, and the actors make the absolute best of it. It's consistently funny, full of unforgettable characters and dialogue, and most of all, it captures the world and feel of Generation X quite unlike any movie I've ever seen. But therein lies something fascinating: it's the absolute film for its time and place, yet it doesn't feel dated at all. The reason, I theorize, is because it does such an outstanding job of making you a part of the time in which it's set, and giving us something timeless to think about.So what, in my opinion, is the true message of "Fight Club"? "Fight Club" is--and this is important--NOT telling you what to think. It's simply asking you to reflect, question things. Question society, question the false prophets. Keep the balance between these two extremes (Narrator and Tyler)by being an individual.


Title:  ULTIMATE Dumb Guy movie.


Review: How can we get Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Meatloaf to beat the c**p out of each other?  This movie solves that "problem," and gives the studio license to shoot a film veiled in psuedo-philosophies and violence.It's just dumb.  Don't try looking beneath the surface, because nothing is there (maybe that's the point).  It provides that men are imasculated and shackled by modern life...  their spirits crushed by their jobs and their possessions.  In order to escape, you fight.  It's so simple!  Give up the banalities of ordinary life and find your individuality in a black t-shirt fight gang.  Makes sense.  Teenage males will certainly think so, since it is filmed in the MTV style...  bright color palette, fancy edits, blood... mesmerizing (and simple philosophies tend to go over well on that demographic).It actually starts our promisingly.  I loved the first quarter.  Only when it attempts to provide us with answers that are, sorry, far out of the grasp of the writers, does it fail.Film buffs may want to view it simply for one of the sloppiest, tacked-on "surprise" endings in cinema history.  I could only laugh.  Bottom line: Dumb.


Title:  An awful bore


Review: I really didn't enjoy this film at all & I fall into the target group (male 20-30). 2/10 I'd give this.There seems a belief too that anyone who doesn't enjoy it is either thick, against violence or especially 'doesn't get the message behind it'. Well, none of those apply to me.In this flawed film, I understand that it was any of: a)a group of young men rebelling against a Borgeousie consumerism society. b)one man seeing how he is totally dissatisfied with life and how his mind tries to change things or c)people stopping to watch Cornelius fight himself because voyeurism is human nature the film makes a deliberate attempt to make the viewer feel guilty for being a voyeur. (I'll come to that later)You can take your pick really, whatever way, I still find it crap. Any film (Shawshank Redmeption excepted) which concerns 'one mans' anything, generally creates no emotion in me other than boredom. The whole tagline to the film makes me want to puke: "one 30 year old man's journey of self-discovery."So what? Are we supposed to sympathise with Norton because of this? I'm sorry but I have sympathy in films with people dying, or who's family have been killed. John Hurt triumphing over cancer in Champions, Tom Hanks in Saving Private Ryan, thousands of others. Even Norton himself actually in the brilliant American History X. In the 2nd half, I sympathise with him for the life he has found himself with.But in this (and I find myself saying the same as I did with the equally awful American Beauty) Just because some blokes fed up & having a midlife crisis we're supposed to feel for him. Oh diddums. The only film where this premise has worked brilliantly is 'It's a Wonderful Life' with James Stewart. He was in crisis (and justifyably too) but never resorted to any of the levels stooped to here.(That might seem a weak point, but It's just come to me & I can't put my finger on exactly why Wonderful Life is so far superior to Fight Club in tackling a midlife crisis, but they are as far extreme as you can get)
I'd also question whether we're all voyers? For every moron that slows down on a motorway to look at an accident on the other side, there's a 100 or so that can't believe the stupidity of it.There are countless flaws too. The scene prior to the car crash wouldn't have worked? Who was Norton talking to? with the passengers there? Where did he acquire his knowledge of soap from? Would people have watched 1 bloke fighting himself? and much more too. Ok, maybe one or 2 of those have answers but I couldn't find them.I think to really enjoy this film, you have to have clicked or empathised with the main character, and if you did, I feel a bit sorry for you. It would however account for the popularity of such things as marriage guidance councillors, drugs, footballers agents, even to a degree religion (but only when it becomes absolutely fanatical & life revolves around it).
Maybe it's just me & I'm fortunate but so many people seem unable to get through the little problems that life throws up on their own & without help of any kind anymore, like inventing a friend for one thing.I know plenty of people who like this, intelligent some of them, so I've no problem with people who enjoy 'Arty & deep' films with psychological meaning to them. I just don't. But not through failing to understand them, Just merely through not connecting with characters who suffer problems like a 'mid-life crisis for non deserving reasons'.On top of all of that, it was a very slow film too.


Title:  Twilight for males.


Review: So. It flirts a bit with the ideals of anti-conformism and anti-corporate (a bit hypocritical considering a corporate made this movie, but let's pretend otherwise), and then offers as a solution a gang of people meeting up to beat up each other. Like "to hell with this system, we'll make a super gang of fighters and take over!". And then what? I see people rebelling but without any goal or project beside rebelling. "We are tired of this system, we make gangs and beat up corporates!" I won't even go into the plot flaws of the protagonist etc because that's be too easy.A movie for losers with a lot of passive aggressiveness inside and no solution for it, they just want to rebel. A movie for people who will go all "eff the system!" and then buy iPhone 17 on first day, just to complain the following day about their low- paying job. A movie for those typical guys who talk crap about capitalism but if you try to offer them a different system they'll dirty their pants and start sucking their fingers calling mom State to save them from the terrorist. A movie for those who are all rebellious and when stopped by police will go all "G-Good afternoon Agent" and sh*t their pants.


Title:  The Most Ridiculous and Overrated Movie in the History of Mankind


Review: I have tried to keep the number of spoilers to a minimum, while making those that remain as vague as possible.This movie has broken some long-standing records of mine. Let me list them:1. The most irritating movie 2. The most ridiculous high-budget movie (beating Knowing) 3. The most overrated movie (beating Pulp Fiction - Gotta admit, I didn't think this record was going to be beaten for a while longer)To describe this film as a train wreck would be the understatement of the century. There isn't a word or phrase in existence to sum up this colossal nightmare. The closest I can come to it is the word 'abomination'. But go ahead and knock yourself out with a thesaurus. It's definitely the worst high-budget or worst high-rated movie I have ever seen, and I don't think that's a record that will be beaten for a long, long time. The person who wrote this had absolutely no idea how to create a believable or coherent story (or else was trolling). It literally cannot work in the real world in ANY WAY. Even if this were a comic book fiction, the plot would have more holes in it than Britney Spears' brain. But it's set in our world and with ordinary humans. Well, I say 'ordinary', but the humans in this film have seemingly had brain tissue removed so they can get from A to B without wondering what the hell is going on.I could go through the movie and write a thesis on everything that is contrary to good storytelling, but I will instead highlight some things that spring to mind:1. A man goes into his place of work and threatens to kill his boss and co-workers. His boss does nothing at all about it. Not to mention the man is coming into work all the time with a smashed-in face.2. If the "Fight Club" were real, the people in it would be dead long before they could enact a master plan. No human could or would inflict this level of damage on such a frequent basis. 3. You cannot beat yourself up the way the main character in this film does. It's physically impossible - and probably mentally impossible, too. When Jim Carrey did this in Liar Liar, we all laughed because it's funny and worked in a comedy. How thick does a director have to be to think this can work in a serious setting? The laws of biology are also absent for the duration of this picture, because a silly thing like fact can interfere with a bad writer's screenplay. Some dumb individuals tried to create their own Fight Club after seeing this movie, but they quickly learned the difference between reality and bad fiction. Brain damage, pain, and serious injury exist in the real world, folks. Who'd have thunk it?4. There is no way that one person (especially a nut job) could infiltrate so many organizations in such a coordinated fashion, or plant so many bombs without people finding out. The real world is a bit more complicated than the moron who wrote this obscenity. A Tom and Jerry cartoon has better logic than this film. 5. Man's apartment (part of a tower block) is blown to bits and the police find out dynamite was involved. Man is told not to go anywhere but is then allowed to jet about the country. He isn't even brought in for questioning. Are you realizing why this story is cuckoo, yet?6. There is no possible way a psychopath could brainwash so many people and form a large-scale army, spread over such a wide area. But the plot needs it to happen - so it does. Oh, I love it when writers do that. Don't you?7. The twist makes as much sense as the rest of the film. It's not just impossible, it's ludicrous. It's so bad that even a three year old would laugh at it.Fight Club also joins Pulp Fiction and Goodfellas as films to be in the top 20 simply because of gratuitous violence and gore. At least Goodfellas is a decent film with some basis in reality.The only reason this film has been rated so high is because the dumb masses will swallow anything with violence and a pseudo-intellectual script. People who gave this film 10/10 are either gormless fools or mindless barbarians. It's an absolute travesty for the human race that Fight Club is currently in the top 10, let alone top 250.It's beyond all my powers of reasoning to comprehend how people can like something as lazily written and ridiculous as this festering disease of a film. It has absolutely zero credibility.My rating 0/5: DO NOT WATCH. STEER WELL CLEAR. Even the name 'Fight Club' should tell you something about the intellect that created it - by the looks of it, another sneering champagne socialist.


Title:  A complete classic.


Review: First, for this great masterpiece, I would like to thank David Fincher. The film gives a great message on psychology. But the main purpose is to show what level shambles of today's youth. The film tackles the decline of today's youth in a very hard way. Consumer culture can be said to start with the Starbucks glasses we have seen in the film in many scenes. Consumption in the film can be one of the parts that best describes the society. The Narrator is happiest not in consumption, but in Tyler's punches. It is not a fight against the system, but in the film Fight Club is a rebellious aim. Everyone is alone in the consumer society. Officially something new comes out after today's young people run the thing themselves or dedicate themselves to always search for a leader, this problem offers in a great way the audience. Acting I can say enormous. Formally integrated the roles of the players. Already today, many people have come by Tyler Durden character of history is considered as the best anti-hero. Every part of the film is filled with great criticism about our day. Also great to send on to mention other films. One of the most important elements of the film I'd say the mystery. Indeed, for someone with no knowledge of the subject monitors and film for the first time in a very difficult prediction about the end of the film. Absolutely should for everyone to see, and even to do bedside film is a masterpiece..