Title:  its so damn bad


Review: This movie is so bad, it looks like something that some kid made on a 3d modeling program in his spare time and was super excited to show to parents.The only thing i liked is that it spawned 2 great review videos on YouTube.Seriously, if you spent so much money making it, you should at least finalize the qualityI think these people should look at what some people have managed to make on blender, a free modeling program. it does not taker a master mind crew to make a movie that is even slightly watchable


Title:  Wait, what?


Review: You know, this review isn't based on the premise that this is an egregious film. It is, I agree that this film is abhorrent. However, the legend surrounding this lukewarm, atrocious piece of media is far more enjoyable than this pile of excrement. This *ahem* "film" came out December of 2012. It was supposed to come out in December of 2002. The film was stolen, and that was probably for the best. However, because the directors had faith (or fear that they'd lose 45 MILLION DOLLARS) for this film, so they began again from scratch. And what we got was probably the worst thing of all time.If this movie was a regular Hollywood flop I'd maybe forgive it. But on account of how atrociously awful this film is in any aspect, I'd expect it to be made by a 17 year cannabis addict who maybe knows a bit of VFX. But this is a 45 million dollar animated film starring Charlie Sheen and Dwayne Brady. If Clerks can be made with a 25,000 dollar budget and Napolian Dynamite for $40,000, how is this god-awful film's budget anywhere past $7.34! Oh I know! Charlie Sheen spent 44 of the 45 million on crack. Yeah, that'd explain this movie. They were on crack the entire time.Words cannot describe the amount of crap this movie sinks in. It's terrible in every single aspect: And I mean it this time. The animation is the equivalent of nails going into your eyeballs, the sound effects are all crap, the plot is wonky, the characters are so bland they're almost non-existent and it just goes on, and on, and, on, and on, x500. This movie is terrible, almost even laughably bad. In fact, it's so awful it IS laughably bad. I was in tears of joy that it was over, tears of pain that I wasted my precious time on this, and tears of laughter that something so awful even exists.Watch it just once, and you'll quote me.


Title:  A mindbogglingly convoluted chapter in animation and cinema itself


Review: I remember in 2005, as a young child who was just being acquainted with the internet, learning about Lawrence Kasanoff's Foodfight!. The film seemed unlike anything I had ever heard of before, combining dozens of popular advertising mascots such as Mr. Clean, Chester Cheetah, Mrs. Buttersworth, and Charlie the Tuna into one film that would resemble Toy Story if its setting had been transferred to a supermarket. The story of the film is actually one of cinema and animation's most baffling stories of a film's time in development hell and still captivates me whenever I scour the internet looking for a summation of what exactly went on with the picture. The story is one of incredible ambition, controversy, and an unfathomably disappointing conclusion. If you're not familiar with the backstory, I'll give you a little rundown.In 2001, director Lawrence Kasanoff, who was known for producing the Mortal Kombat films as well as a handful of TV adaptations on the franchise, announced an undertaking like no other - he was going to make an animated film under his own company Threshold Entertainment that focused on the events that would take place inside a supermarket when the lights would turn off. Kasanoff envisioned a spectacle like no other, centering on dozens of recognizable brand mascots that would fend off a new, evil brand that attempted to takeover the marketplace. Not only was a film planned, but merchandize-galore was in addition, with toys, stuffed animals, a potential web show, commercial tie-ins, fast food toys, books, and more were also planned to coincide with the film's release. Kasanoff called Threshold Entertainment "the next Pixar" and also banded together top animators from around the world to piece together a project with incredible ambition. The film was to be released in 2003.So why is it that for a film this ambitious you probably haven't heard a damn thing about it? Well, for starters, the film's first immediate roadblock came in the form of a burglary in 2003 when hard drives containing the film, its animation, and its conceptual mockups were stolen. The animators and everyone assigned to the project needed to start from scratch. Nonetheless, Kasanoff pushed on with the project, confirming a release date of 2005.Foodfight! never came out in 2005 and news of it became scarce and vague when it did manage to circulate. The release date was changed several times before finding itself up for auction in 2007 for a surprisingly low $2.5 million, given its ambition and $65 million budget. Finally, the film came out over a decade after it first hit production, in October 2012. It received a very limited theatrical release in Europe and a silent DVD/video-on-demand release in the States, effectively ending one of the most mindbogglingly convoluted chapters in animation history.Now the question begs an answer, what does Foodfight! look like in its final state? The simple answer is "hell." This is a film that was clearly rushed upon being purchased at the aforementioned auction. The story concerns, as stated, a supermarket that turns into a playground for its product-mascots upon closing. The leader of this world is Dex Dogtective (voiced by Charlie Sheen), a crime-fighter who becomes incredibly suspicious of "Brand X," a new line of products that are hitting store shelves. Dex and his gang of friends Sunshine Goodness (Hilary Duff) and Daredevil Dan (Wayne Brady) prepare to keep the supermarket in their hands, but Dex increasingly finds himself distracted by the likes of Lady X (Eva Longoria), a desirable woman who keeps trying to win Dex's eye and the store manager finds himself dictated by Mr. Clipboard (Christopher Lloyd), who is enforcing Brand X.To begin with, the animation is awful. This is animation that looks and moves like a broken Sims game on PlayStation. Never in my life did I think I'd call an animated film with so many colors and characters odious but that's exactly what it is. While the characters appear in a three-dimensional state, the backgrounds almost look two-dimensional, and worst, are almost indistinguishable in terms of what they're supposed to be. This is clearly animation that is not finished and was forced to be the finished product. Characters are very stiff when moving, have a peculiar coldness to their movements in addition, and many of them look grotesque and ugly.Then there's the awful writing at hand here. One can sort of forgive the animation for looking terrible, seeing as, understandably, everyone's hands just wanted to be cleaned of this film, but with twelve years of production and a forced rewrite thanks to a burglary, you would think the writing would be marginally polished. And yet, Foodfight! bears so much sexual innuendo it's ungodly and very inappropriate for children (Daredevil Dan says to the sultry Lady X in one scene, "Oh Mamacita! Yo, sweetcakes, nice packaging! How about some chocolate frosting? I'd like to butter your muffin!"), Lady X boasts fetish-like lingerie as her primary outlets, orchestrating the fan-fiction version of her character, and characters speak almost entirely in grocery-store/food puns. There's no characters here, despite there being like thirty that are recognizable. There are just empty, hollow animated creations programmed to spew something that is allegedly funny.Foodfight!'s existence and eventual outcome should be a warning to those who have an idea they see bold and ambitious opportunities for. Granted a burglary can't really be blamed on part of the writers and directors but an awful script, a premise that seems to exist solely as a corporate byproduct, fourth-rate animation, and incredibly unforgivable and unnecessary sexual innuendos can be. The fact that Foodfight! is a bad film is the least of its concerns; it's a morally, ethically, and visually reprehensible fiasco that scrapes the bottom of the barrel so forcefully that it's tearing a hole in its base.


Title:  No matter how bad you think it is...


Review: ...it's even worse.All evidence points to this animated film being contrived as a money-making scheme. "Hey, we can create a cheap CGI movie and make companies pay for the celeb voices in advance by inserting their brands in the film!" The result is worse than crass, it's abominably bad. It's so bad that the film has been stuck in production limbo for a decade and it hasn't aged well. The CGI, the story and the one-liners (oh God, the one-liners...) all bear the mark of genuine and profound incompetence, a complete lack of even the most most rudimentary story-telling skills.What passes for a narrative revolves around supermarket brands coming to life at night. Rex Dogtective (yeah, go ahead and try to laugh at that one), voiced by Charlie Sheen, mourns his lost love but must soon save his supermarket city from the evil, impersonal Brand X. With the help of ... ah, who cares?Foodfight! will bore, offend and anger you at the same time, such is its unprecedented badness. Please don't watch it.


Title:  Run away......


Review: Appalling, awful, tasteless and unfunny. CGI worse than a 1995 video game, combined with stunningly inappropriate and crass double-entendres make this an experience painful both to the eyes and the brain. Nazi- themed products take over a supermarket, complete with Eva Longoria's female Hitler character switching outfits between stripper schoolgirl and fetish Nazi. "One brand, one market" she shrieks to the minions gathered at a huge rally. Just vile. I'm all for a bit of a bit of tasteless comedy, but it's got to be at least a little bit funny. And, please, not crass Nazism and innuendo in a movie aimed at 5 year olds. Oh, and even my kids thought it was lame. I hope the 'stars' got paid well - they should be doing pro-bono work for the next 5 years to make up for it.Genuinely the worst movie I have seen in the last 10 years - avoid at all costs.


Title:  It's not just a bad movie


Review: Foodfight! is a cynical, cheap, patronizing, lifeless, lazy, unfunny, tasteless, shoddy, disrespectful, offensive-to-anyone-with-a-brain piece of unmitigated garbage, sure, but it's much more than that.Because it is meant to be entertainment aimed at children, and because its message amounts to nothing more than "BUY OUR BRANDS, OUR BRANDS LOVE YOU, YOU LOVE OUR BRANDS, EAT OUR FOOD, EAT, EAT, EAT, EAT, EAT..." Foodfight! is not just a bad movie.Foodfight! is PURE EVIL.So far, the movie has only made $73,000 on a (shocking) $65 million budget. I guess there is some justice in the world.Ten years ago, when Threshold Entertainment's hard drives were stolen, writer/director/producer Lawrence Kasanoff called it an act of "industrial espionage." I salute the brave souls who actively hindered the production of this film. You fought for the brain cells of children everywhere. I think watching even fifteen minutes of this movie has made me stupider.Don't just skip this movie. Burn it, then bury it in a desolate field somewhere. It deserves to die the worthless drop of despicable piddle it is.Also, ?*¢% Larry Kasanoff.


Title:  Worst crossover ever


Review: I remember watching the Nostalgia Critic's review of this as well as JonTron's. It's truly some of the Critic's best work and should be seen. He compared it to "Wreck-It Ralph". I guess those are similar to the even more awesome Lego movie. They are films that show us that a world of fictional characters can be made into something wonderful. Sadly, this film shows us the complete opposite. I wouldn't quite say it was the worst animated movie I've ever seen. I think that "honor" goes to the 2001 animated Titanic movie. This film has credits that go for eight minutes. That other one had credits for fourteen minutes! I guess it technically isn't as ugly as "Joshua And The Promised Land", but it really is a worse film. At least that movie was less than an hour long! I hated every minute of this. It has some of the ugliest CGI ever created. These cartoon characters are horrible at showing emotions. They just seem to be staring blankly all the time. All of these characters are ugly. Even the ones who are labeled ugly are really no worse than anyone else. This might be the reason why I'm not into celebrity voices. Of course, anyone would regret being in this movie. What's worse is that there's this guy called General X who explicitly mentions how aroused he is by everything.The villain, Lady X wears clothes that alone should have gotten this movie a PG-13 rating. The climax is one of the most monotonous things I've ever seen in any movie. It's just characters throwing food over and over. It's painfully drawn out for something that's only an hour and a half long. The movements in this film are amazingly terrible. The facial expressions are among the worst ever created. It's good expressions that make me love animation so much. This film makes no sense. It features this world where food mascots go into their own magical world or maybe it comes to life at the end of the day or it exists on some other plane, but I don't care at all.It is a hideous film where the cameos serve no purpose at all. I looked in the credits and I found out there were characters like the Energizer Bunny in this. I didn't recall seeing him so they probably just put him in the crowd scenes for no reason and still mentioned him in the credits. The voices are obnoxious, especially this giant nosed sneezing guy. It's also hateful with them explicitly making Jew jokes. Wait, why would Brand X recall the prunes that Lady X came from? That's impossible! This is idiotic in every sense of the word and is as terrible as every Internet critic has made it out to be. Zero Stars


Title:  The Room of animated films


Review: This is on the level of The Room. But what makes this so epic is that it was a large Hollywood production with big named actors. It's bad, very very bad. And there's this disconcerting quality to it, like you're in a nightmare, or one of those uncomfortable dreams where you feel like you're on the verge of losing your mind. I don't know if it was the animation, the pacing or the bizarre, seizure like moments, but it was uncomfortable. And my Lord! The sexual innuendos, cussing through horrible food metaphors, and inappropriate content for a kid's movie. And there was the obvious racial stereotypes throughout it. And everyone was grotesque. Like monsters from the bowels of hell.The animation looked like it came out of mid 90's video game cut scenes. Even if the animation was finished, the story, pacing and characters were a disgrace. The dialogue was painful. The food puns sucked.And did I mention that no one gives a crap about food icons! Who cares?! In Toy Story you have the emotional attachment to the toys that represent childhood. No one cares about icons. Why did anyone think that would be a good idea? And to have that many icons in a movie would of course cost millions. Bleh!And, you learn that ugly people are bad and too be judged. What a glorious message!This is one of those movies to watch drunk with your friends. Have good laugh sharing the pain.


Title:  Execrable, torturous, c**p


Review: Words cannot begin to express how awful this movie is. Have you ever seen Lawnmower Man? Remember those CGI scenes in which Jeff Fahey gets it on with the CHI woman? OK, now imagine someone watched that and thought "hey, there's a kids' movie here!! I just have to find some way of slapping a script together, hiring the guys who made these really cool graphics in the early 90s and I'll make literally thousands of dollars!"It doesn't appeal to kids, or adults, or even the blind apparently (a blind guy walked out halfway through saying it stunk). I'm not sure who's left.


Title:  A museum piece


Review: This isn't just a really bad movie. This is a movie that, ten to twenty years from now, people will be debating whether or not it even existed. Like the animated Titanic movie, it isn't just bad, it is bad in such a way that it will be considered inconceivable that such a movie could have even been green lit; a movie where people will see brief snippets and wonder if it was a real movie or just somebody's entry-level CG demo-reel.For this reason, this is not a movie that should be watched. This is a movie that should be thrown into the basement under lock and key for twenty years until it becomes obscure and collectible just like Nintendo's Virtual Boy.I'm not kidding. I have a Dex Dogtective doll, and when I tell people what it is and where it's from, the reaction is always the same: "Holy ****! That thing is real?!" The C.G. is terrible, the characters are one-dimensional, the writing is asinine, the jokes make BioDome look like Waking Ned Devine, and the talent of the voice cast is squandered across the board.The only thing that makes this movie even worthy of note is the overabundance of marketing icons. But this isn't a precursor to "Wreck-It Ralph" -- won't offer any insights as to what the life of a marketing icon might truly be like (Charlie Tuna makes an appearance, but nobody comments on the fact that he exists to sell the shredded corpses of other tunas). Instead, all we get is a hollow narrative about how buying generic brands is evil. SO BUY OUR CRAP!!! Yes, it's that bad. Right up there with Manos: The Hands of Fate, Tentacolino, Birdemic and The Room: A movie so bad that some people just absolutely have to have it.


Title:  Noooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!


Review: This is not a movie. This is a pile of trash and puke in animation history. This is literally the worst thing I've ever had the misfortune of watching in my life. Nostalgia Critic tried to warn people. This movie had a huge budget but none of it should go to these writers or actors. There is nothing to be proud of in this movie. In fact, here's all the problems with this cancer. 1. The animation looks like puke and crap all over Minecraft backgrounds. 2. The characters are all terrible and are not interesting in any way at all. 3. The jokes are little more than stupid food puns or lines that make no sense 4. It manages to be even more insulting towards stereotypes than Family Guy. 5. It throws in random morals in the end that were never emphasized earlier to make it seem emotional. 6. Screw the story! The voice acting doesn't save this movie. Nothing does. Even Chuck Norris' tears can't cure this grotesque cancer. I'd gladly give this 0 out of 10 if I could


Title:  Rotten


Review: Oh boy. This is probably one of the worst movies (animated or not) that I've seen in my entire life. "Foodfight!" summarizes everything what is wrong with all the modern animated CGI films that try to imitate the Pixar formula, being atrocious at every single level. I just can't think anything remotely positive about this turd: The animation is awful and poorly made (I honestly think that shows like "ReBoot" or "Beast Wars" looked better than this?And those were done almost twenty years ago) the characters are obnoxious, unlikeable and (to add insult to injury) some of them are offensive stereotypes. The plot didn't made any single bit of sense, the jokes were dumb and inappropriate (I know that is a common practice for most of the recent animated films to include some hints of adult humor for the older viewers, but "Foodfight!" is just creepy. And also unfunny.)"Foodfight!" is nothing but an ugly mess without any single redeeming quality. In fact, I think that it should be used as a textbook example of how NOT to make an animated movie. It is not even the kind of bad film that is entertaining to watch despite (or maybe because) of its many flaws. Instead of that, this is just something completely pathetic.0/10 (And I would rate it with a negative score if I could)


Title:  Do not get this movie for your kids


Review: This movie is the absolute WORST I have ever seen. To explain, I will explain the 5 principles of movie categories. Visuals, Writing, Characters, Originality, and Overall Likability. Let's start with the visuals. The visuals are the LAZIEST MOST UNREALISTIC THINGS I HAVE EVER SEEN! Really. I can make a movie better than this in the span of 10 MINUTES! It's like they didn't even try. Everything has a plastic texture, crap texture, THAT MAKES YOU WANNA THROW UP AND STOP THE MOVIE BEFORE THE 15 MINUTE MARK! Writing, Um.. Where is this "writing" exactly? All it is is just about a main protagonist named dexdogtective who goes on failiure adventures to solve failiure mysteries! Oh, and our main antagonist, Lady X! Lady X is the only character that I like here. Because she is trying to STOP this ugly atrocity! We also have a fight scene that is a length of 35 MINUTES! WOULD YOU WATCH A MOVIE WITH A FIGHT BEING LONGER THAN THE ACTUAL STORY?! Um.. No. Next category, Characters. The characters tell awful jokes that I don't even get! Like, "Let's strawberry jam out of here". HOW DOES THAT EVEN MAKE SENSE?! As I said earlier, only 1 likable character, being Lady X, or the main antagonist. The rest of the characters even don't make sense, OR JUST SIT IN THE BACKGROUND FARTING AND BURPING ALL THE TIME WITH THEIR UGLY CGI DANCING AND PLASTIC TEXTURES! Originaltiy, some people thing this is original. But if you think that, YOU ARE DEAD WRONG! THIS MOVIE RIPPED OFF ANOTHER MOVIE CALLED "Over the Hedge" WHICH IS WAY BETTER THAN THIS! BASICALLY THE WRITERS ARE TOO LAZY TO MAKE SOMETHING ORIGINAL, AND PLAGORIZE SOMEONE ELSE! And now, overall likability. YOU WILL NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE! LITERALLY! WATCH THE TRAILER! EVEN THE LIP SYNCING Doesn't EVEN TRY TO MATCH WHAT THE CHARACTERS ARE SAYING! I WOULD GIVE THIS A 0/10 IF IMDb Didn't GIVE US A MINIMUM OF 1/10 TO CHOSE ON WHAT TO RATE THIS GARBAGE! I AM DONE! So parents of young kids who are reading this, do not watch the movie. Don't EVEN THINK ABOUT SHOWING THIS MOVIE TO YOUR KIDS! Don't EVEN SHOW THIS TO YOUR BOSS EITHER! If your boss sees you showing him/her this movie, YOU WILL BE FIRED! Just watch something like Zootopia or Despicable Me 2. Because those 2 movies were great. But of all the movies you choose, DO NOT CHOOSE FOODFIGHT!


Title:  don't even watch it, trust me...


Review: This is without a doubt the worst animated movie i have ever seen. Shortly after watching a youtube review on this movie (by jontron), me and my best friend decided to watch it together. We went in with the plan to not only judge it for ourselves, but at the same time insult it for all it's expected awfulness and unintended comedic value... so basically we watched it to make fun of it. we sat through the whole thing and let me tell you how not worth it it is to see for yourself. Over all the "plot" of the movie is terribly written and so heavily rushed that the main plot finishes in just under an hour and straight into the big food fight sequence, which technically lasts for about 30ish minutes. The jokes they try to put in are very forced and just unfunny. They added in so many unnecessary and stale characters (no pun intended) that contributed almost nothing to the plot. my own personal biggest complaint about this movie is that overall it's just ugly, it's almost literally hard to look at the screen because of unappealing characters and mostly empty scenery. Just trust me when i say DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE! The movie can be best described as an endurance run, both me an my friend agreed that if we had decided to watch it on our own we would have stopped before the 20 minute mark. It's not even worth making fun of. So in conclusion i'm just saying not to watch it, it's ugly excuse of a movie that over uses product placement... it's simply terrible. If you really need to know what it's like then just watch jontron's review on youtube, it sums it up in the best way I've seen done so far.


Title:  Oh. It's bad!


Review: But, when it comes to movies this bad, the important question is: Is it so bad it's good? Well, not really. Most of the laughs come from how terrible the thing looks, and that wears off after the first few minutes. Then there's the absurdity of all the lame, nonsensical puns and innuendos. I swear, when you think they can't get lamer, they will prove you wrong every time! And lastly, this movie is weirdly and disturbingly fetishist. I mean the love interest is a furry, the villain has both a school girl and a dominatrix outfit and that's just scratching the surface. But most of the time it's just an incredibly ugly and boring movie. So while it's nowhere near the "so bad it's good"-quality of the Room or Troll 2, it may give you a few laughs. But seriously, you're better of watching something else. And if you still insist on watching it, don't do it sober. This is beyond any doubt one of the worst movies ever! It's incredibly bad in every way possible. The movie is ugly, the animation is terrible, the script is beyond stupid and the whole thing just reeks of laziness, racism, sexism and cynicism. And thus it should be treated accordingly, with a large amount of alcohol. You'll need it.


Title:  It's so bad, it's good


Review: I watched this, and it really brainwashed me. I like how the dog is voiced by Charlie Sheen. Also I will never forget that talented name - Dex Dogtective Yes it's bad but if you dig deep enough in the web you'll find a fan-base somewhere, and I'm a dedicated fan myself. So all I can say is: It's so bad, It's good. I've seen bad movies, but most people will be thinking that it makes no sense at all. I know it is a bad movie, and i can say that I did do small research on the director "Lawrence Kasanoff" and he's made some pretty bad films. this is worth watching if you want to review a movie like this. so really, I recommend you to watch this movie at least once. I've seen it twice, its that bad.


Title:  underrated alert


Review: this cartoon is cute it is a good family picture for everyone to laugh theyr buns off Sure it is not as good as Alkesnadr Nevsky but it gets the point across i enjoyed it very very very much. The movie is very wonderful, not very but very wonderful. I found funny to see my morning bread fighting fascists. I hate fascists and their Hitler. In this movie the enemy are X fascists. They get owned very very hard by very wonderful product placements and the movie does not sell on it it has great story great animation and funny jokes. Their jokes are like dutch oven funny to play with my friends. GO AND BUY THIS LICENSED VHS NOW IN YOUR BLOCKBUSTER.


Title:  It is not a bad movie


Review: Is not really a bad movie it just you need to review it self because Look the sexuality is showing the incoming adults all of ya ll need to quit thinking that because I know it only paid 75,000 dollars but I do not care me and My cousins will watch this and I think I would get other op ions Just Shut up about your op ions and The movie has yalls favorite actors and Get the movie and they remade the quotes but they try to make it where kids will not get offended all the time but maybe is a bad movie but I think it is and a good movie it just the cgi animation are just like unofficial movies that came from net flex and all that


Title:  Animation Masterpiece


Review: To be honest, I have no idea why this didn't win some type of award. I thoroughly enjoyed the character development and wonderful artistry. You could tell the creators put their heart and souls into this move.The love the main character has for the cat woman is like "The Notebook" and "Dear John" all wrapped into one thrilling film. The amount of effort it takes to make beautiful shots of every character being hit with food over and over is simply amazing. Each character has their own troubles and imperfections but manage to over come them all in the end. Not sure if I would agree to bringing the kids to this movie though ;) Gets a little risqué around some turns. After watching this animation I immediately bought three new Mr. Clean erasers and some raisins. 10/10 would watch many times.


Title:  It's bottom-of-the-barrel bad and that's just being nice...


Review: Jontron was right! Nostalgia Critic was right! Animat was right! Phantomstrider was right!Why didn't I listen to them?!This is an animated feature about a dog named Dex Dogtective who's played by Charlie Sheen and gets depressed after his girlfriend Sunshine Goodness disappears. After a brand called Brand X, controlled by Lady X begins to take over the food market that he and a bunch of grocery mascots live in, they must fight back.Where do I begin? The animation is hideous; it's the worst animation ever put to film, I'm not even kidding here. It was originally destined to be in a Looney Tunes style when planned in 2002, but when the film went into production issues, the director decided that they should change the style to motion capture. Seeing these two styles combined makes the movie look unnatural. The animation itself looks ugly from the character designs, to the awful effects, to the backgrounds, the list goes on. Ranging from the human designs to the designs of the mascots, they either look unnatural or uncanny. For example, Lady X looks very plastic like and Cheasel T. Weasel has the color of poop. For some reason, the camera moves in almost every single shot. You may see the camera zoom in, spin around a tower or pan in for an extreme close up. The backgrounds have an incredibly low resolution, to the point where some of them look flat. For example, in the beginning of the movie where the store closes, the interior of the store looks flat. Keep in mind that this movie came out in 2012. I could harp on about the animation, but I think I should move on.The story and characters aren't much better in comparison. To start with the story, we have the concept. Basically, food mascots come to life at night when the store closes. The concept bares a striking resemblance to that of Toy Story's, only with food mascots. To go along with the concept, the movie uses endless product placements from Charlie Tuna and Mr. Clean to the Vlasic bird. It doesn't make the audience feel grateful seeing all of these advertisements in a movie. As for the story itself, it's very incoherent and there are many scenes that don't make much sense. For example, during the midpoint of the feature, Dex can be seen out in the market during the daytime while customers are shopping and it doesn't make sense as to how he is able to be on the outskirts of the store. There are also these weird sexual innuendos that are noticeable that really do make me question the PG rating. During the midpoint of the movie there is a musical number that is really grating on the ears to the point where I nearly went insane listening to it. None of the jokes hit and come off as cringeworthy. Did I mention that the story is incoherent?The characters...hoo boy, where do I start with them? I can start by listing them. The doctor does nothing but talk rapidly in the most obnoxious voice possible. Cheasel T. Weasel, aka the poop rat is incredibly over the top with his cartoony movements; heck he has an entire shop hidden inside of him. Lady X is a generic villain who tries to seduce our protagonist, and she also wears very suggestive clothes while doing it. Daredevil Dan is an obnoxious racist stereotype. And then there's Sunshine, who maybe the most likable character in this movie since she isn't annoying. Finally, we have the main character Dex Dogtective. Dex is probably the most interesting character of the movie because of his girlfriend's disappearance. However, that doesn't make him likable. What makes him unlikable is the fact that he spouts out food puns all the time. While this gag doesn't make him unlikable per se, it only makes him look tolerable at best. One last thing I'd like to mention about the characters is the voice acting. Many of them are voiced by talented people such as Charlie Sheen, Wayne Brady and Eva Longoria. However, their voice acting in this movie can range from sub-par at best to bad at worst.If there is one tiny saving grace to the film, it's that the opening song is actually pretty good. However, it doesn't save this from being a terrible movie.Don't be fooled, the uncanny animation might seem like the only reason why this movie is so hated on the outside. However, if you dig deeper into the movie, you'll see the real reason why it gets so much hate, it has a nonsensical story, annoying characters and sexual innuendos. Please I beg you, do NOT watch this movie. Don't even get this for your kids, it's too inappropriate for them. Give them something else, ANYTHING else.I want to be done with this movie forever!


Title:  Are you kidding me?


Review: That's by far the worst animation movie I've ever seen, I say this already having seen The Wild, Chicken Little, Home on the Range, all Disney sequels, all Titanic animations and all Bluth movies 90s. The bullshit level in "Foodfigth" is unsurpassed and unreachable. All animation lover should watch this "pearl" to give a good laugh and every film student should see this as a learning experience about everything you should not do in a movie.Starting with the weird premise, market products that come to life when the market closes, and shelves magically transformed into a city. It's all very strange, confused, and the film does not care one bit to explain to us which are the rules of this universe. The film simply think we are already aware of everything.After this initial shock, everything gets worse. We face generic characters, extremely poorly animated and ugly to look at - what heck is that weasel, my Jesus. The plot is a spectacular mess. The film does not know what audience it is targeting. It's look terribly childish, but there are dialogues and grotesque sexual innuendos and poorly made, not suitable for children. There are Nazis. The moment it happens the war of food is worthy of Michael Bay, with endless explosions, the point you wonder when it will all end.The animation it seems that was taken from someone's ass in the early 90s. That would be horrible in 1995, imagine how horrible it is today. The scenarios are really terrible and confused, you never know where the characters are, whether it's on the shelf, or in the world of products, or in the aisles of the supermarket.Can anyone explain to me why the hell this film had a big budget? Would you believe in me if I said that this film has a budget more expensive than Fantasia, Lion King, The Secret of NIMH, Toy Story and Spirited Away? My fuc*** Jesus, this can't be serious.


Title:  Absolutely painful to watch


Review: The fact that this even came out disgusts me. The fact that even though all the known copies were destroyed or stolen, they STILL crapped this thing out disgusts me even further. Seriously. You would think they could make a good movie with people like Charlie Sheen and Christopher Lloyd, but nope! The animation is terrible. All of the faces look distorted, movement is everything but smooth, and the villains (Brand X), DON'T EVEN GET ME STARTED! The acting is beyond cheap. You would expect a guy like Christopher Lloyd to at least TRY to play a man who owns a supermarket. At least there weren't any Libyans chasing him in that film. And Charlie Sheen's character, Dex Dogtective (Gee, clever) has the worst lines I've ever heard! Speaking of writing, what idiot smart enough to stick a pencil up his butt and nothing else decided to write this crap? And the fact that $65 MILLION was poured into this film, and they couldn't get one likable character, one good line, one decent frame of animation, and at least one decent actor pretending to be actually decent! All in all, it burned my eyes. 1/10


Title:  nightmare fuel


Review: I have to be honest - I didn't watch this movie in full from start to finish, rather I saw a several video reviews on YouTube of the movie, which used an extensive amount of scenes and clips. It may sound like a cheat, but trust me when I say I saw enough of this movie to last a lifetime without having to watch it all the way from start to finish.This is the kind of shoddy work that would get penny-a-day workers in Malaysia scolded by their superiors - you can make it look s***y, but THIS s***y? The whole thing is meant to cash in, and only cash in, on the craze of hip-ironic computer animated movies of the late 90's and early 00's without any sort of understanding what made those movies matter (i.e. Toy Story and Shrek but I'm sure you can point to others from Disney and Dreamworks). This lacks any shred of competency, but more than that anything close to humanity. If Roger Ebert once said that movies are like machines for empathy, then... this is the opposite of that.Horrible puns (which can often, when done right, be really funny in real life, honest, I swear), horrible animation (it makes even the creepiest of the Uncanny Valley animated movies like Polar Express look like Sleeping Beauty), horrible voice acting (even Charlie Sheen, someone who just picked up a check for years on end to fart in front of sitcom canned laughter, seems bored - or Christopher Lloyd who's having a stroke in front of the world), and a horrible, unforgivable cynical grab at, on top of the aforementioned steals of Toy Story and Shrek: Casablanca. Did this f***er even watch Barb Wire? It's not even funny enough to laugh at, which is one of the most unforgivable things about something that goes into the subterranean depths where barrel bottoms don't even exist (to put it in perspective, Doogal is a better bad movie than this - DOOGAL). While you can go look at the trivia online and add that into the fire of horror that comes with this movie, just on its own terms it's an unqualified disaster. It's not even joyful to dump on the movie, it's simply a waste that makes America look bad to foreign countries and sets us back another 50 years as far as being pioneers in the world of arts and sciences.Oh, and it is the kind of material that I'm sure, if you show to your kids or you are a kid and decide to watch this, that will give you nightmares. And I don't mean in the fun horror movie way. I mean more akin to the kind of dreams where you watch your dog making love to your parents while a bonfire engulfs your X-Box and Salvador Dali plays baseball on top of their corpses.


Title:  I cannot imagine a more horribly animated film than this one and even film school students would be ashamed to put their names on this mess.


Review: While I love international films, classic Hollywood films and all sorts of bizarre films, I also have a love for terrible films--as many of our readers have no doubt noticed. It all started several decades ago when I read Harry Medved's great book "The 50 Worst Movies of All Time". Since finding and seeing all fifty of these movies, I have also attacked IMDb's list of the 100 lowest rated films of all time. However, as this list is ever-changing, I have to re-check the list periodically to see if there are any new additions. Fortunately (or more like UNfortunately) I noticed a new addition to the list...."Foodfight!". However, unlike many of the bad films I have enjoyed for their sheer awfulness and cheese-factor (such as "The Room", "Plan 9 From Outer Space" and "The Apple"), some films are just horrible and offer no enjoyment whatsoever. "Foodfight!" is surely one of these joyless and horrible films.The story of how this terrible film got made and released is something in itself. While work on the film began in the early 2000s, the hard drives for the film were apparently stolen and work had to begin again! I assume that these folks simply had never heard of the concept of making backup copies. Also, I can only assume someone stole the film in order to save humanity. Unfortunately, work began again--and the original release date in 2003 came and went. Release dates kept changing until eventually the filmmakers were in default on their loans. The film rights were bought at auction for a tiny fraction of the cost to make the film and it was eventually released to DVD only recently.So why is this film so horrible? Well, the reasons are countless so I'll just concentrate on the major problems. The biggest and most obvious problem is the computer graphics. This CGI film has the ugliest, cheapest and lousiest looking animated film in history. Film students would be ashamed to put their name on this product...it's that bad. Although the work was done in the 2000s, graphically the film is what you would expect in the early to mid 1990s--well before the first "Toy Story" film. Characters are blocky, haphazardly stuck on the backgrounds, have garish colors and are simply ugly. There is NOTHING about them that ever speaks quality in any manner. The same can be said about the backgrounds--which are usually very fuzzy and look worse than an old-school computer game like "MYST".The dialog is the second worst thing about this 'movie'. While it's clearly aimed at children and stupid people, too much of it is spiked with sexual innuendo to make it appropriate to the children at least. A few choice pieces of their brilliant dialog would include: 'I'd like to butter your muffins' 'Better take it easy on the potato juice before you become chip-faced' '...you have something to say, candy-arse?!' 'I want to scrub your bubbles, Dex' 'What the fudge?!' As for this final comment, it DOES actually sum up the film extremely well! The story itself is also simply horrible. Some parents might strongly object to the fact that this film is ALL product placement aimed at children--with many of the characters consisting of unappealing corporate knockoff characters that look like McGruff the Crime Dog, Charlie the Tuna and Mr. Clean (among many others). I could also talk about the plot involving the evil Brand X trying to take over the grocery store where all these characters live....but so many other awful things assaulted my senses that I really didn't even care about the insanely bad and cynical plot.Despite a plethora of B and C-list stars to provide the voices for these unpleasant characters, there just is no reason to see this film for the average person. For fans of dreck, perhaps it's worth seeing...if extremely unpleasant and boring. And, I could also see professors at schools such as Ringling School of Art and Design showing it to their students as an example of the worst animation to be produced since the beginning of time. Otherwise, steer clear of this wretched piece of bile...



?