Title:  Finally, a Show that stays true to it's written roots


Review: As an avid reader, I am often disappointed by what is represented by the silver screen. I initially get excited to see one of my favorite series on the big screen, and eventually walk away disgusted. For whatever reason, most shows and movies that are based on epic book series absolutely butcher the original content. So when I saw the preview for "Game of Thrones" on HBO, I was immediately skeptical. Oh, I was going to watch it, but I didn't have high expectations. I did hold a little hope because HBO is known for their high quality shows. I was absolutely shocked to watch the Pilot and realize that it followed the book almost to perfection. The language that is used by the actors is very similar to the way that it was written in the book, and events were not skipped. It stayed very true to the story without adding to it or removing from it. The acting is superb and I actually felt like I was looking into Winterfell for the first time. I feel like I've actually got faces to add to the characters that I've been reading about for a long time. If you have not read the books, you may feel as though the blatant sexuality is an addition from HBO to add some spice to the series. This is not the case at all. The books contained all of the sexuality that is shown in the Pilot. I am very proud of HBO for producing an amazingly accurate product. I will be watching every week for sure. If you enjoyed what you saw in the Pilot, know that there are many other plot twists and action filled evenings to come. "Game of Thrones" has a ton of potential to be one of the greatest series that has ever been produced. I would highly recommend it to fans of the series and newcomers alike.UPDATE:I have now watched 3 Episodes and I wanted to come back and report some more. Even after 3 Episodes, the series is staying true to the written story. Overall the acting is still very good. I hate to watch a show that makes it look like the actors are reading a script. I don't get this impression with this HBO adaptation. Each episode of this series leaves me itching for the next weekend. I really hate watching shows in real time because I enjoy absorbing several hours of a show at one time. But, a good show will keep you looking forward to it the whole week. A special note to viewers that have not read the books... Keep watching! This series has numerous twists and turns and full of epic battles and action. It may seem like it's taking a little while to develop, but the reward is well worth the wait. Even after 3 episodes, I would still highly recommend this to anyone.


Title:  Excellent adaptation.


Review: Readers who come to this review later in the series must note that, at the time of this writing, I have only seen the inaugural episode. It's probably safe to say, when dealing with a series of novels as beloved as The Song of Ice and Fire, the most scrutinized aspect of the T.V. adaptation will be how well it holds to the source material. I am here to confirm, as a fierce devotee to the books, that we have nothing to fear.While certain scenes play out differently in execution, the plot remains perfectly intact (so far). The characters have been transplanted well from page to screen, and the actors (most notably Peter Dinklage) nailed their personalities quite well. However; it is only fair to point out some of the acting seemed a little wooden at times.Special effects were well done, though nothing mind-blowing, but the scenery and props perfectly captured the feel of the novels (in my mind at least). It also must be noted that there was just the right amount of nudity, violence and vulgarity to let the audience know they were watching a tale woven for mature viewers without using said nudity, violence and vulgarity as a crutch.All and all, I am very, very pleased with this adaptation, and I went into it expecting to be disappointed. If I were to gripe about anything, it would be that newcomers who have not read the books might not know what to think of this fantasy story for adults. Some may shrug it off as fodder for geeks, while others might take offence to what they may see as a defiling of a genre usually meant for children.UPDATEAfter watching the entire first season, I can safely say this is perhaps the BEST adaptation of book into film/TV. While many moments in the show do not match the moments in the book action for action and word for word, the plot is never sacrificed when doing this, and the alterations simply make the story a better fit for a one-hour television time slot.In addition, new scenes (by which I mean scenes which never happened in the book at all) fit seamlessly into the greater plot, and help the audience with information they would only otherwise get via the narrative of the novel (EG: asides which explain character/world history).Top form, HBO. Top form.


Title:  One of the most stunning shows on television


Review: Do not believe any of those negative reviews. I honestly cannot understand why some reviewers have given this such a low rating. I think some people love the sound of their own voice and think their opinion is worth something and will be disagreeable simply for the sake of it.Having said that, this show is stunning. I have never read the books and now I want to. There is so much crap on TV that is renewed year after year (CSI, House etc.) which uses cheap gags, pointless and sometimes ridiculous plots, unbelievable and many times one dimensional characters and yet all the truly great shows get cancelled.There is enough brain-dead television. But once in a while a show comes along that transports you to another world and makes you believe in the magic of television again. Game of Thrones is one such show.It is complex, multi-layered, surreal, vibrant, imaginative and it draws your eye in to the surprising level of detail, from the sweeping vistas, to the narrow dungeons, from the beautiful castles and magnificent trees, to the contrasting landscapes. It is worth watching just for the scenery alone.Yes the acting seems a little cold and even wooden at times, but this is perfectly in keeping with the medieval look and feel of the show. Yes it is dark and gloomy, but again in keeping with the narrative.The scripting is intelligent and well delivered by competent acting, led by Sean Bean perfectly cast as Lord Edard. Although Sean Bean is better known for brooding bad guys, he strikes the perfect balance between father, husband and Lord and soldier. He is well supported by other well known actors and many new to the scene.After watching and sometimes enjoying Camelot, this show makes that one look more like "Merlin" by comparison. And where Camelot lacks in depth and scripting, Game of Thrones strikes the perfect balance between brooding medieval angst and wonderful fantasy story telling.Even if you have never watched a fantasy show before, you should not miss this.


Title:  Lord of the Rings - I think not!


Review: Seeing a review comparing this brilliant title to Lord of the Rings made me make an account here and post my very first review. I had very high expectations from this series and I believed that it will (like most TV series) absolutely ruin the book. And I couldn't have been more wrong! Where do I start...The cast is great, though not amazing with one exception - Sean Bean is perfect for the role of cold master of the North, Eddard Stark. The setting, the atmosphere is perfect and not boring at all! Some scenes are just amazing and are exactly as written in the book - for example the scene where they find the wolves, the nature and the dialogs are just as they should be. Now to get to the part most people are interested in: What is this? What can I expect of the series?THIS IS NOT LORD OF THE RINGS. Now that I got that out, I can continue. The very idea behind the series is a lot different. It's based around great families on different sides of the world, the stories their members have to tell and the secrets they hide. And there are many secrets, You will have a chance to witness small portion of them in the first episode. If you cannot follow the story just yet, don't worry! It's meant to be like that, you will eventually get to know all the characters and get involved in the story so much you will BEG for next episode just to see what happens.What to expect? Plots, love, action, war, hatred, quite a few surprises and much much more... All that after the first episode. I really hope they will not ruin it as the series progress. Conclusion: Do not miss this! Yes YOU complaining that the book is better. And everyone else.


Title:  Fantasy has never seemed so real


Review: I don't believe there has ever been anything like 'Game of Thrones' on TV. The sheer amount of quality and talent in this series is staggering. The actors (and I mean really ALL the actors), the costumes, the visual effects, the make-up: everybody working on this show seems to have wanted to make Television-history. And the writing is just phenomenal.'Game of Thrones' may belong to the 'Fantasy' genre, but the world of Westeros and its surrounding lands has been so amazingly well thought through and is inhabited by characters that are so well drawn and credible that everything you watch feels real. Every "country", every city, tribe or family has such a richly detailed history and even mythology that it just never feels like it was made up. Of course, that was all already there in the books – but translating that so perfectly to a TV-show and with such care as was done here really is a rare achievement.Yet for all its grandeur, scale and breath-taking visuals, what really makes Martin's outstanding work come to life on the small screen is the fantastic ensemble of actors. At the core of this show (any show, really) are the characters. Tyrion, Cersei, Dany, Jamie and John (and all the – many – others) don't lose anything of their complexity; the amazing cast succeeds in showing all their respective characters' inner conflicts and often questionable motivations and virtually no one comes across as one-dimensional (except maybe for Joffrey).There have been a couple of great TV-shows over the last years, but when it comes to scale AND quality, 'Game of Thrones' is – at the moment – in a league of its own. A joy to watch: breath-taking, epic – and highly addictive – Television. 10 stars out of 10.Lesser-known Masterpieces: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Films: http://www.IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Favorite Low-Budget and B-movies: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls054808375/Favorite TV-Shows reviewed: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls075552387/


Title:  Excellent, Raw, Brutal and to the point


Review: First of all, I am a huge fan of the books, and I find it exhilarating to see a show that is so close to what I made in my mind while reading it.I see some of the reviews are complaining about the sex and violence, to me that is like going to a restaurant, order a steak and complain about getting meat..They keep true to the epically written book, and they depict the characters in an excellent way.With a few exceptions I would say they have made what will be an epic show here, and I would really hope that they continue for all the books.


Title:  This TV series is magnificent!


Review: This TV series is magnificent! I read a book and I must say that A Game Of Thrones is one of the best books I've read. So when I first heard that HBO will do a series on the this book I was thrilled but I was afraid that they will not be done exactly by the book. But I must say that I was wrong and that the series is better than I thought it would be. Much better! While I watched the first episode I had the same excitement as the time when I first read the book. HBO has done a great job and they fulfill all my expectations. Sean Bean was born for the role of Eddard Stark. Costumes, scenes, actors, everything is done as it should be. Actors are perfect for the role they play in the series. For me the biggest surprise of the series I figure Daenerys Targaryen. Emilia Clarke actress who plays Daenerys Targaryen is more beautiful than I imagined it would be and more beautiful than is described in the book. The Wall is a lot different than I had imagined, but in a good way. The series revolves around Eddard Stark and his family. He has a wife and five children, three sons and two daughters. Eddard Stark is ruler of the North and close friend of King Robert who needs his help in ruling the Seven Kingdoms.The seven kingdoms, united under one ruler, have lived a life of peace and comfort since King Robert took the throne. But nothing is ever as it seems. Within the king's court there is murder and treason, with no one aware of what is really going on. Across the seas, the last remnants of the previous royal family gather forces to reclaim their throne. To the north, the unthinkable gathers, the creatures of myth and legend that have been forgotten.


Title:  Fantastic! The scale was amazing and it stayed loyal to the books!


Review: This show is superb! While I may be bias as the book series is my favourite book series of all, I still think the show itself is fantastic! It sticks loyally to the books and doesn't "dumb things down" for a wider audience. If you are worried you won't gain the same experience by watching the show before you read the books, fear not - It's the same experience, with a different medium!Although, I guarantee, soon you will be so pulled into the world of Westeros you will run out and buy the books just to find out what happens next!Sit back and enjoy, my friends - Winter is Coming!


Title:  Fresh and Exciting


Review: Game of Thrones on HBO is a TV adaption of George R.R. Martin's books, a Song of Ice and Fire. For those fans who know and love the books, then you can't help but love the TV adaptation. It is difficult to translate books into movies or TV series, but HBO's GoT made it look easy. The characters, cast, scenery, costume, etc., all looked incredible, and gave me the feeling that I was inside the books themselves. Although not every little detail was translated perfectly, and nor should they be, the pilot episode was a grand achievement.For all those Nay-Sayers out there: If you don't like the series, then you probably have never read the books or watched the countless behind the scenes trailers that helped those who didn't understand the complex storyline. Yes, this story is complex, its original, its fresh, and it is very exciting. The story line gets better with each episode. You also have to keep in mind that this story is an adult story, and as I said, it is complex. Simply put, HBO didn't dumb the story down, but rather remained true to the core of this epic fantasy. For those who have never read the books and found the pilot interesting, trust me it gets better and better. Stick with it.


Title:  This one will blow you away!


Review: Love, betrayal, greed, murder, corruption? All collides in mythical world of Westeros. George R. R. Martin's world is unlike any other fantasy world you have ever seen. The main conflict lies between two families: House of Stark and House of Lannister, but there are many more stores to be told?Eddard Stark (Sean Bean) is the main character of the series, and the story is mostly about him. Since HBO has staked a lot of money into this series, there will be a lot of colorful characters, just like it the books. The art dept. has done a magnificent job by creating a whole new world from scratch. Costumes, armors, landscape, photography? All has been done in well-known HBO way. Travel along side your heroes, from the cold North, and The Wall with Jon Snow, across the desert-city on the South, with Ned Stark, and join Daenerys and her riders on a mission to retrieve the Iron Throne.Let the Game of Thrones begin!


Title:  Really Surprised!


Review: Damn you George R.R. Martin! Don't do movies, finish the damn next book ... oh wait ... he did! OK! Than let's look at the series...Well, above statement has a meaning: I read the books! Yeah, big deal, but when I did I always thought: "It is not possible to do a movie about this!" And I was right! ... but they did a series! And I can't really believe it, but: It (well, the pilot) is quite good! Never expected that! Also funny how many people talk about the nudity and/or the gore. Yes you see some breasts and so on ... so what? This is a fantasy, that is realistic (if you didn't read the books and don't know, what I mean by that: Wait and watch the series ... and you will be surprised!) so the scenes are realistic too! I like that! Adds more to the feeling of the books!The main problem is, that if you don't know the books you are quite lost with the characters and what happened to all of them. But I hope we will get deeper into the minds and backgrounds of those people! The cast for that is really well done and I hope for they can pass on the feelings I got when I read the book!Overall: Great start, hoping for Brilliance!


Title:  Fantasy at its finest, for adults!


Review: To start with, I read the books once only, got into it thanks to my friend(bless him) and when I learned that TV show is being made by HBO we all cheered, since we always said it is impossible to convert this epic story into a 2 and a half hour movie.To start the review now.The Hand of the King Jon Arryn mysteriously died at the Capitol of the Seven Kingdoms, making King Robert Baratheon travel to the most northern region of the Seven Kingdoms to its capitol Winterfell to ask his loyal friend Eddard ''Ned'' Stark to become his next Hand of the King.The Prologue, although not faithful enough to the book(yes i personally thought Prologue was the best part of first book) is done good enough for audience to hook it up thinking who the hell are those things.The introduction of all the characters is done great, establishing some of relations quite well and subtle.The Music is average, but it will not interfere with the whole show if it will be done the same as in first episode, The visual is stunning enough to suck you into show.The characters are well acted and nailed most of the book characters and their core. There are some minor relationship changes but its very close to the book.The newcomers will have to be patient and not give up to soon since the amount of characters and story lines might feel overwhelming but don't give up stay and a magical world of Westeros will come to life infront of your own eyes Conclusion: A Dark Fantasy world, full of realistic stories, at its best. A book in motion almost. The spirit of the story is mainly captured.Overall Score: 9


Title:  Hater's Beware- For the new viewer


Review: This review is not about why this show is so great (see my 10 ranking) but a response to the haters who's comments I can't fully comprehend.If you have never watched this show before and want a true perspective, see below: 1. If you absolutely "in your bones" hate fantasy, then this show is not for you. Even though this show is 95% about people and their attitudes toward power, government and corruption, there is 5% fantasy. If you can't get beyond the 5% then don't bother.2. Yes there is a lot of sex. If this bothers you then don't watch. Is the sex always necessary to the plot? No, but it also doesn't derail the plot either. Pay TV like HBO has a lot of sex. If you are a puritan don't watch. The story and characters are so good that the "overdone" sex scenes are a minor issue.3. Yes there is a lot of violence. If this bothers you don't watch. The violence is there to serve the plot. This show is a fantasy but is more heavily based on Medieval history. Would you be shocked to know that people lived harsh, short and often brutal lives 600 years ago in the real world. If you want PC and sanitary homogenized entertainment, then this is not for you.4. Confusing plot- My response is yes and no. Yes, there are a lot of characters. Yes it is hard to remember all their names. Yes it is hard to follow all of the character interactions, what they are trying to do, who that hate, who they love, etc. If you want a TV show that "spoon feeds" you an easily digestible plot and a few easy to follow characters, then this is not the show for you. If you (like me) like to be challenged by a TV show and forced to think, analyze, guess and scratch your head, then you will love this show.4. The acting is amazing- I've seen reviews that "slam" all of the actors. Are all of these people crazy? Have they ever seen good acting before? Do not believe any of these nay-sayers. Amazing acting and amazing casting.5. The writing is excellent- Is is Shakespeare? No, but its extremely well written as is the source material. Since I originally read the books by George R.R. Martin, I have tried to read other books by authors like Stephen King, Dan Brown, John Grisham, etc. I've found that Martin's writing is far superior to these other authors. The show's writers utilize Martin's prose and often improve on it.6. Stereotyping (typical fantasy stuff)- Wow, I can't believe this criticism. Well yes.. there are dragons. And yes.. there is magic. This is about a stereotypical as it gets. The entire point of the show is to take your typical "fantasy" and turn it upside-down. There are no totally good guys. There are no totally bad guys. Someone you hate in Season one, you may love by Season 3. Characters also act like real people. They are fully fleshed and not just cardboard cut out's. I guess if you are looking for stereotypical fantasy, this isn't it, but there is no way this is stereotypical.


Title:  Absolutely amazing


Review: With an average score of almost 10/10 from almost 1 million users, do I even need to write a review? Oh well, why not?No TV series or movies can be compared to GoT. In many BS movies/shows you can predict the ending after watching it for a few minutes (good ones always win and the bad ones seem to be completely retarded, blind, and incompetent. Well, not anymore!!!The story in GoT is absolutely amazing, filled with interesting and "realistic" plot twists and unexpected events.Acting is great, costumes and scenery as well. Every character is unique and interesting, and its great watching them develop. Everything is top quality. If you start watching this, be prepared to get addicted quickly - you'll just feel a strong urge to watch the next episode, and another, and another until no more episodes are left. There is a downside to GoT however that needs to be mentioned: as many have stated, after watching it, you will realize that 99% shows/movies out there are not up to its standards. A show of this quality is rare indeed.


Title:  Heads up for GAME OF THRONES


Review: It has begun! The much touted HBO miniseries A GAME OF THRONES arrived with Episode 1, and though the entire series cannot be judged on one episode, this initial hour has all the promise of an involving and visually stunning adaptation of the 1996 George R.R. Martin series of books of adult fantasy fiction titled 'A Song of Ice and Fire'. The 'game' is played by seven families - Stark, Lannister, Baratheon, Greyjoy, Tully, Arryn, and Tyrell - and what we find in the initial episode is a taste of the intrigue to come. In this first episode Lord Eddard Stark (Sean Bean) is the patriarch of House Stark, one of the major noble houses of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros and ancestral rulers of the North. Near the castle of Winterfell, Eddard's children discover a dead direwolf and five of its pups still alive. As the direwolf is the symbol of the Starks, Eddard allows each of his five children to keep one of the pups as pet. A sixth pup is discovered a short distance away from the others. It is a mute albino, and this one is given to Jon Snow (Kit Harington), the bastard son of Lord Eddard Stark. King Robert Baratheon (Mark Addy) , Eddard's childhood friend, journeys to Winterfell with his family to ask Eddard to become Hand of the King, the top adviser and military commander in the realm, due to the death of the previous Hand, Lord Jon Arryn. Eddard's wife, Catelyn Stark (Michelle Fairley), receives a letter from her sister Lysa Arryn, stating that Jon Arryn's death was a murder plotted by Queen Cersei (Lena Headey) and her powerful family, the Lannisters. Though reluctant to leave his duties and family, Eddard is convinced by his wife to accept the position in order to investigate Jon Arryn's death. Eddard's middle son Bran Stark (Isaac Hempstead-Wright) is engaging in climbing Winterfell castle's walls and towers accidentally sees Queen Cersei and her twin brother Jaime Lannister (Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau) having incestuous relations. To protect their secret affair, Jaime throws the boy out of a tower window. Where the story goes form here will follow throughout the remaining episodes. Though some would criticize an early report on a series merely at its inception, it seems only fitting that offering a word on encouragement to pay attention to this new series is warranted. We can only hope that the series continues to build as it progresses. The cast is filled with excellent actors, both seasoned and refreshingly new. Grady Harp


Title:  Unbelievably awful


Review: Heard a lot about this show with everyone saying how great it was so I decided to watch it to see if it was as good as I was told. I found the first episode a little boring and slow but figured it was setting up the characters, etc.Well from there it went downhill. I watched all of Season 1 and half of Season 2 and I couldn't stomach it any longer. In my opinion, none of the characters are all that likable and the few I did like get killed off very quickly, usually with much gore.Then there are the numerous and pretty graphic sex scenes which seem to be thrown into the show for the purpose of titillating (pun intended) the audience who I assume to be in the 18-35 bracket. I'm not a prude, but I never saw any tender love scenes, just gay sex, incest and rape. It's pretty much soft porn with a story.By the last episode I watched I couldn't care less about who regained control of "The mythical land of Westeros". I hope parents aren't letting their children watch this debauchery.Everyone has their own opinion of what is a good show and this, in my own opinion is utter garbage.


Title:  And so, the story begins?


Review: It's very premature to say much about the series after watching only the first episode, so I'll limit my opinion to the one and only episode that has been broadcasted so far.First of all, I'm a huge fan of George R.R. Martin's "A Song of Ice and Fire" saga and I think that it's really a breath of fresh air that the genre needed so badly! I would hate to see this HBO series ruining all the good things that the books have brought to fantasy genre and thankfully it's not happening, at least not with the episode one.Of course, almost immediately, the one that has read the book can see some differences, but they are all understandable (well, almost all of them), since no screen adaptation can follow the written work to the letter!The viewer is gradually introduced in the world of Westeros just like in the book, without 20 pages/minutes of prologue and the narrator explaining all that once was, and all that is today? The main characters are very decently portrayed so far and the careful viewer can, more or less, flair what relationships they have between themselves and what part will they play in the story, at least for the time, just as the writer wanted us in the beginning? Speaking of character relationships, there were some very good sublimations of more than a few pages of the book into just one scene, one sentence or even one screen shot! That's actually desirable in order to keep the pace of the adaptation going! The plot is developing just as it should, not too fast, not too slow and with an omnipresent touch of intrigue and mystery? The production is more than fine. The costumes are good, the scenography is good and the cinematography is good. One can easily immerse in the mix of history facts (considering the gear and the lifestyle of medieval folks) and the fantasy world of "Seven Kingdoms" and the "land across the narrow sea"? And now it's time for some spoiler alert!!! My main concern is about undead! Is it a nighttime or a daytime when the dead girl comes back to "life" and walks the forest, only to spook the young ranger of the Night's Watch in the opening scene? This can mean a whole world of difference between the book and the series?The other is the lack of "dreams" and "flashbacks" the main characters have. Those play the major role in the book (in my opinion, at least) and I only hope that the director and the producers are keeping them for the episodes to come?All the other concerns I'll keep to myself as they are a bit contradictious to the book but they aren't crucial to the storyline. At least, not as I see them right now.On the other side, the writer of the books hasn't finished the saga until now and he's participating in the making of this series, so I hope for the best?All in all, it's a good start! Actually, a very good one I would say. I really prefer series that starts moderately good and develop to an excellent one than ones that start promising and then lose all of their initial appeal along the way, like "Legend of the Seeker" for example. At least, this one has an excellent foundation in R.R. Martin's brilliant work.I'll give it a 10 not because it's spectacular but because I, for once, am an optimist and I really do hope that the screenplay will be able to preserve the original novels' charm. At least, for the first episode, it did?


Title:  The shark has been jumped.


Review: It always felt like this show was sitting just below excellence. Feeling the need to take a cheeky giggle at a nipple or dick every so often to make the viewer pay attention.D+D The producers of the show clearly think you're not very clever if you watch this program. You need a pair of boobs every so often to keep you going through a story far too difficult to follow for a TV simpleton. That's nonsense, and yet they do it every episode. No one in Game of Thrones is looking to fight for what they believe in, or for honour, or for freedom. They're too busy wandering from North to South and East to West finding their next companion for ludicrous out of the blue sex scenes. If it's not sex, then the character will probably die at any moment too. Killing characters makes a show deep and clever, no one is safe...that's what you're supposed to believe. The boobs are classy, the deaths are clever. Shut up and eat some popcorn and stop thinking about the world or questioning the dubious quality of this show. If you wanted clever you'd read a book, but lalalalalala there isn't a book like this anywhere on the planet and you should definitely not look for one!The way this story has proceeded is pathetic. Shallow. Half baked and weak throughout. Characters have no depth what so ever. TV can be excellent and characters can be complex, just check out Breaking Bad for a quick and easy example. Shows do not need constant death or constant sex to sell. We don't need silly one liners throughout every scene. The story to Game of Thrones was supposed to be epic, and yet it's now just one big story about how a pretty girl with nice boobs and 3 dragons is going to fly across the world and become queen.This is not good enough and the shark has officially jumped.


Title:  Big downhill after season 4


Review: Season 1-4 are great and a 93/100 worth.Season 5 ruined characters and locations from the book for me so i only give it a 23/100Season 6 was better and had great moments but had bad plots too so i give it a 65/100Season 7 was just a big FanFiction. Shitty Story, no logic, rushed episodes, bad acting and raped asoiaf I can only give it a 12/100This Show give me 4 great seasons, 1 average-good season and 2 really bad seasons. So i am not sure what rating i should give. I just can recommend other people to watching only the Seasons 1-4


Title:  Perhaps the most overrated show to ever exist


Review: Where Game of Thrones stumbles is it's (dis)ability to properly handle characters and a story at once. The creators of this show are apparently bound on showing needless scenes of naked woman belittling themselves in every episode. Nothing is right with that statement. Just because your show is on HBO doesn't mean nudity needs to appear whenever possible. See Silicon Valley, why can't all HBO shows handle nudity like that? Oh yeah, because Game of Thrones needs an audience. Strip the nudity and you have a worthless show that may be the most atrocious thing to ever exist. Perhaps you will all see come the final season, because eventually the writers have to stop daydreaming of women and actually make a television show.


Title:  Game of sellouts.


Review: This show started out incredibly strong. It was at the forefront of glamorous TV. Never before had Hollywood level acting and visuals been applied to a long running TV series. This show broke the mold, and continued to do so for 5 seasons. Until the show surpassed the literature it was based on. Game of Thrones held no punches, it didn't care what the viewers opinion on a character was, the lines between good and evil were blurred, and because of this it was unique. This started to derail in season 6, when the show began to develop its on takes on story arcs of the books. It was instantly obvious the writing staff were toddlers compared to the father of the story. But it still held things together. Until season 7. The first scene that greets us was completely unnecessary and can only be labelled as fan service. Something the show had never done before, Frey was killed off solely to promote a positive response from fans. Within moments we are then introduced to Ed Sheeran, with a scene that could only have been placed to humanize the "enemy" however the family in question had never been classed as the enemy prior, before they were simply another side in the conflict. That scene destroyed the dynamic of the show and changed its message completely. Further enforced by the fact that suddenly everyone's picked a side. The show has changed from a power struggle to clichéd good vs evil. Dripping with the political beliefs of the shows writers, every second word that seems to be coming out of characters mouths screams "girl power" which is fine, but at least find an intelligent way to implement it, rather than slapping everyone in the face with it every time a strong female lead is shown. The pace of the show has also been lost, with it a lot of power the story held, everything seems rushed with season 7, each scene is being done as quickly as it can, detracting from the impact it would have had. The show has lost everything that made it unique.


Title:  OMG! What a Fab show!


Review: I'm not a very physical women as far as violence and killing are concerned in any shape or form, but I loved the historical slant of this TV Series.What I really wish is that I was one of those women being ravaged like in another review I read. I actually laughed out loud because that was exactly what I was thinking. Brutally handsome men and sexy ladies...what a mixture! PLEASE continue with the style. It's fabulous! 10-10-10-10-10!OH...and the locations were great too. I looked into the site and saw that it was Irelend...figures, because it's totally beautiful. Great job.Oh...and my boyfriend is a fan now too. I made him watch it last night and he loved seeing the beautiful women bare their bodies and the brutal be-headings and fights. Of course he's a UFC fan too.


Title:  Like a lot, but not love...


Review: I'm not trying to be a hater here and slam this show just for slamming's sake. And to that end, I'm not even slamming this show. It is very, very well done. The set design and production value is stunning. One episode I'm sure costs the same amount as a low budget film to be sure. But while I really like this show, I don't love it. And the reason is because it is just so goddamn depressing. Call me an eternal optimist, but I have to deal with reality on a regular basis and there's already so much depressing, disgusting crap going on all over the real world, so I like my escape from reality to have a little, just a little, bit of hope. Once in a while I need a victory. And you'll be very hard pressed to find a victory during any storyline in the Game of Thrones. It's just always so much hate and hell and death and malice. Ugh. It gets to be so heavy and drawn out. Yes, it's written well, the casting is superb, but come on already. Give me someone to cheer for once in a while. I've never read the books but friends of mine who have did not enjoy them stating that everyone you love or grow attached to dies; that the author just wants to kill everyone off. I get it. From a writer's perspective, I'm sure he wants to keep everyone on their toes, sitting on the edge of their seats, but in order to keep your audience, you gotta give them a little love too.It also says a lot about the world today in which this show is loved by everyone. Ask anyone and they'll tell you it's their favorite show. I think that says a lot about society. Everyone hates everybody and wants everyone dead and gets lots of enjoyment from all the horrible things that happen to everyone. Nice. Look at Cersei for example. Why is she so hateful? I mean, I can understand why she is now, but at the start....she had a brother whom she could hump any time she wanted, children she loved, a brother who wanted very much to be loved by her (and yet she hated for no good reason) and a father who adored her. Even as a child in flashback, she was an evil little bitch. Why? Is there an inciting incident that I missed in her life? She really is just hell-bent on killing anyone to sit in the world's most uncomfortable chair? I could see if she had been abused as a child, her family killed, loss of her wealth and driven into poverty by oppressive powers, etc. but last time I checked, her family did all that cold business to everyone else. Anyway, her motivation seems a little reaching. But of course now she has motivation with all her kids dead.The other thing that I don't find works is that there are way too many story lines and characters and NONE of them really cross over or come together. I feel like we've been waiting forever to see Sansa and her sister cross paths. Finally Jon and Sansa are together but man it took forever. And finally when Riccan is brought together with his family it's only for a very short-lived time. I wish more of the story lines intersected. I guess it's coming because now we have Daenarys and Tyrion together which is cool so I hope they continue. But do we really need a bunch of snow zombies??? This storyline seems so lame. We've got enough characters to keep things interesting, just sayin'.Anyway, I absolutely love dragons so that's what keeps me watching. I hope there are more dragons in this season.


Title:  Possibly the worst storyline I will ever encounter...


Review: I must say that the realization of this series is astonishing. Acting is great, image is great, music is great. The story on the other hand is worst trash. Nobody knows how it will end, but I can tell you, ...unfortunately. It will have no particular meaningful end. Everybody will be killed or die in some disturbing way, and at the end you will not remember how and why it all started, which is actually true for the last few seasons even now. The whole world desperately awaits for a meaning but there will never be one. Whenever the story will end, it could have ended equally well after the 1st season. Even in Chinese movies the tragedy has some deepness, there is honor, sacrifice, values, and death has purpose, in this one if something resembles to anything, one can be certain it is just a vessel for surprising the viewer with another unexpected random death. A pattern emerged and after 5 seasons any hope for a decent story is long dead. The worst part is millions of people are disturbed by the story but they keep looking for the hope it will get better. It never will. When people wait starts to obviously become annoying the author just kills the main character, does not matter how, and this way makes the story unexpected, again. It is so dumb when you actually think of it, that no one put that before on paper, with success at least. You will probably continue to watch, and only the end will show you what an incredible waste of time this TV series was.


Title:  The Game is Losing its Throne


Review: At first I have to say that I did not read read any of Mr. Martin's books, and that I watched all five seasons. And, that I do not find this show over-sexed or especially brutal. I do not live in a country where nudity on screen is a problem. Yet graphic violence is, but except in some cases (mostly boring scenes), I never felt the need to fast forward.I enjoyed the first four seasons of GOT (with no real understanding of the hype around it) until the death of Oberyn Martell. The characters were mostly interesting (except that Girl that has only two facial expressions, Daenerys), the story arcs wide and interesting, and the dialogs, precisely most of them with Tyrion involved, razor sharp like no other show I watched before.GOT is basically a family story, and it takes most of its fascination from there. Powerful and powerless families are put together, with their history background lasting over centuries. They are stuck in their age, struggling for survival and power. The Game of Thrones itself seems as a permanent repeated game of success, failure, loss, intrigue, murder, war and humiliation, as history presents itself to us. People want power, are trying to take it like Wolves from their rivals, are succeeding or failing while the only real sure outcome are mountains of dead bodies. It's basically Shakespeare and doesn't add anything to his observations of the human nature, except a bit of Tolkien or Rowlings and Nietzsche. We are allowed to like that (or not).Back to Oberyn. Just when the GOT producers had the luck to bring in another intriguing character - actor Pedro Pascal had the role of his life - they decided to kill him. OK, I have not a very big problem with killing a character, but in this case it was pure waste. Tywin's death actually did make sense, for example, and however we liked Charles Dance, he had to leave eventually.Next, there was the death or disappearance of Sandor Clegane. This character had vast potential and was wasted, too.Together with some other needless things, like the torture and depenitation of Theon Greyjoy, GOT then lost parts of its central themes, particularly the Game itself, and the Family saga aspects, to be a simple series of events, failures and not very interesting stories of fates (Sansa, Arya, Brienne)I put the blame for GOT's current (Season 5) downfall as a reasonable epic equally on both R.R. Martin, the original Author, who lost track of his own creation, and the producers of the the series, who didn't see that their child has to grow up and eventually has to go loose from the author, who cannot handle the complexity anymore and therefore makes the wrong decisions to hold it together.