Title:  11 out of 10


Review: I don't think I can add anything to the previous 10 out of 10 comments, other than that I'd give it a full 11 out of 10 if this were possible. I have seen my share of nature documentaries, but this takes the cake. Utterly awe-inspiring, mesmerizing and brilliant. I own an extensive DVD-collection, but if I had to choose 1 title and had to throw away everything else I had, this would be the one I'd keep. I have no better DVD-title in my collection. Period.David Attenborough is my personal hero. Although he merely provides the commentary for this series (as he did with the also terrific Blue Planet), but his work for the BBC's Natural History division (setting it up and making several brilliant series himself) and his inspiring personality make him one of the true greats.Miss this at your peril.


Title:  A masterpiece of a documentary


Review: The camera work is truly breathtaking. Such amazing wonders captured on film, areas of the planet unspoiled by human domination. DIfferences in culture seem to play a big part in the reviews of this documentary; some choosing to review based on "Disney" like criteria. Criticisms for the apparent emphasis on the viscous and dark side of animals and nature. I guess some people would prefer a nice talking lion and perhaps an Elton john song thrown in.Cutting slack on the sarcasm and returning to the point; This is a must watch documentary for anybody with a sincere appreciation for life and the planet in which we live.An achievement for all those involved in the making to be proud of.


Title:  In A Word: Amazing


Review: Thankfully, I caught a couple of these episodes on American television, which led me to this 11-part series on Blu-Ray DVDs and over five hours of outstanding entertaining and education. Looking back, I still shake my head in amazement at the things I saw on these discs.Obviously, the incredible photography and sharpness/color (please see this on high-def, if you can) is the first thing that captures the viewer's eye, but as the series went on I appreciated the objectivity in here ("aw, cute" shots mixed in with the brutality of existence) and the lack of environmental propaganda, which one usually gets in boatloads in these "nature" films. Here, the writers and narrator David Attenborough just present the world as it is. Only at the very end do you get a short environmental message. It isn't needed: the beauty of this earth says it all, and the writers were smart enough to figure that out during this series.After viewing 11 discs, you come to the obvious conclusions that in the Earth's world of animals, birds and fish come only a few objectives: where to find food, water, a mate, and escape being devoured by a predator. That's it, except for pets or zoo animals. On land or in water, it's simply a matter of survival, as this BBC series shows us.What makes this so special is that, thanks to incredible work by cameramen, we are privy to many extraordinary sights we would never see, if left on our own, and never imagined existed on this planet. Much of this series is simply mind-boggling to view, especially all the overhead shots, which were stunning.There are too many positive adjectives I could use to even begin, in recommending you watch this. Just give it a try - any of the 11 segments - and see if you don't want to then watch all of them.


Title:  The most amazing achievement in natural history TV has ever given


Review: The subtitle of the series is not an exaggeration; it has a literal meaning: This is indeed our planet as "never seen before". Right from the outset you are witnessing the most amazing pictures modern technology has ever produced: Views from space, but close enough so we may see the glorious beauty of specific regions of our home planet. Birds of paradise of such beauty that can convince you this is the real paradise and you need not ask for anything more; All the creatures are filmed in unique settings and situations (a polar bear with two cubs emerging from their den as spring comes and gliding down a snow covered slope, the strategic genius of wild dogs encircling a herd of impalas, rare views of a snow leopard and her cub, a white shark in chase of a seal bursting completely out of the sea and hanging in the air for a second and hundreds of other breath-taking shots. Feeling happy for the gift you are given and the next moment plunged in bitter thoughts about how unbelievably brutally has mankind treated it. My rating: Definitely 10/10.


Title:  Simply put, stunning


Review: I have never, ever given any title a perfect ten. Mainly because I never thought that there will ever be something that truly deserves the praise. I was so wrong. Watching this amazing display of planet earth's resources in high definition is just simply breath taking. In addition David Attenboroughs commentary is spot on. Calm, informative and quiet in just the right places. Sometimes the picture is so beautiful, that one just simply forgets the commentary and just starer in awe on the beauty of the landscapes and other details. Sometimes the director feeds the viewer with juicy bits of slow motion scenes to add to the effect of the moment. I simply can't recommend this title enough to everyone. Just pick it up anywhere you can find it. Spectacular.


Title:  An amazing trip around our beautiful planet.


Review: I have seen many nature documentaries in my life and none have left me in such amazement of our planet as this series. The sheer work that went into its making alone is impressive. The shots that are captured on film are like none ever seen and remind us of both the power of mother nature and her fragility. I highly recommend this series to people of all ages as there is something for everyone. If you do watch any of the episodes, do watch "Pole to Pole". It is a great all-encompassing view of many animals and their habitats. David Attenborough does a great job as narrator. If you enjoy this series also check out "The Blue Planet", a series by the BBC on oceans (also narrated by Attenborough).


Title:  A visually impressive and memorable look at the world that we live in


Review: As the influence of man expands across the globe, fewer and fewer truly untouched wilderness exists. This series aims to use technology never used for nature programmes before to take us into these wildernesses and see the environment within them and the creatures that live there. Starting with a journey from one pole to the other, this series explores the extreme conditions of mountains (from the birth of one to the coldest of those existing), deserts, caves, oceans, fresh waters and others to present some of the most impressive footage ever seen in a nature documentary.With a budget of about £40 million, the BBC were going to have to deliver something pretty special to avoid the usual accusations of waste tax payer's money, catering to a small audience etc etc. However with Planet Earth they have easily silenced the critics to present a nature programme that is interesting and education. The biggest selling point is the footage which, at its worst is impressive but at its best is simply breath-taking and actually had me saying "wow" at some points. I am not naturally a nature programme viewer but this show had me hooked from episode 1 where a quick glance at the opening minutes had me staying with it for the following eleven weeks. The footage is impressive and, although it is the weakest part of each hour, I did enjoy some of the "Planet Earth Diary" sections where we actually saw the technology, techniques and sheer trial of getting the views that we get. My words can't really do it justice but the series gives footage that you won't have seen anywhere else before ? with episode 1 claiming that the footage of a pack of dogs hunting told experts things they hadn't previously known.However I have seen some a couple of nature documentary feature films recently that have also had impressive footage but Planet Earth backs it up with a typically informative and engaging narration from David Attenborough. For me he added enough educational value to prevent the series just being televisual wallpaper ? which of course is what it also does in terms of providing some beautiful material that would work even if the sound broke on your television. Like many others though, I would have liked there to be more connection made to the impact that man's actions are having on the ecosystems and animals that we are shown ? for example are they getting rarer or having their habitats shrinking? Occasionally it does this but nowhere near enough ? which is partly why some critics have labelled it "environmental porn", which I can understand but do not totally agree with.Overall this is a great series that does a great job of presenting the beauty of the natural world but just about having enough educational value to it to avoid it just being the television equivalent of wallpaper for your computer. The shots are impressive and the range of creatures and habitats that are presented makes this well worth seeing. I'm sure that wildlife fans will long for more detail but as a casual viewer this was just what I was looking for. An impressive and memorable look at the world that we live in.


Title:  Brilliant Documentary Series


Review: Planet Earth is a worthy documentary series that looks not just at the animals and plants in remote areas, but at the ever-changing ecosystems that look prone to collapse in the near future. This is the sort of programme that the BBC excels at and makes better than anyone else.The camera-work is fantastic and the sections at the end of each programme where they look at how certain parts were filmed is interesting as you see the dedication of the crew who go out to these desolate spots for months to film sections that will last only a couple of minutes on screen. Much of the wildlife has barely been filmed and some such as the wonderfully agile Wild Amur leopard have probably only been seen by very few living people in the flesh.It is narrated by David Attenborough who has the perfect voice for wildlife documentaries and his presence is almost a guarantee of quality in itself. His record speaks for itself.Some of the sequences shown are very brave, most notably the struggles of the polar bear to find food on the ever-decreasing Arctic ice. Too many nature documentaries succumb to "niceness" and show only cute animals looking sweet. To understand how Man is changing the planet it is crucial to show how wasting energy may be affecting wildlife in distant lands (or seas). Sadly it is also important as it seems all too likely that much of the footage will become museum property in the near future, showing subsequent generations the marvellous diversity of life Earth used to enjoy.Overall it has some good educational value as it can be enjoyed both by young children and was recommended by my tutors during a conservation module of my degree.


Title:  Beautiful


Review: This is a beautifully shot series looking at nature in all it's natural wonder, showcasing a breathtaking diversity of life from the poles to the deserts.With the spectre of global warming rapidly looming I wonder just how much of these wonderful ecosystems are going to survive. I just hope that in 100 years time people will not watch 'Planet Earth' with the same curiosity that I have when look at etchings of the Dodo from old books.TV like 'Planet Earth' has made me think a lot more about the natural world that surrounds me and the impact I am having on it. We can't sit back and let this disappear. It's for all future generations, not just this one.


Title:  Go David Attenborough!


Review: For all my life (since I was a very wee toddler anyway) I have loved David Attenborough. Well ? not kissed loved, but I really liked him on TV and what he did.Though you never see him up on screen in this series (as he is only the narrator), he does an excellent job. Not only is HE good, but the photographers who risked their lives to film animals and planet earth from all four corners of the globe definitely deserve praise.Each episode explains how the animals live in particular habitats. It shows captivating (often ugly) descriptions of this habitat and the animals there in a breathtaking way?I recommend this series to animal lovers, fans of David Attenborough, naturalists and for people who would like to watch an educational series!


Title:  Are you kidding me people?


Review: I'm just laughing at all these negative comments. I know it's hard for you PETA freaks to believe but, in the circle of life your precious animals actually kill each other. This movie is not a statement, it just shows the "Planet Earth". Kind of simple, don't you think? It's not an Al Gore "made up" movie. It just show images of our planet and what happens in the animal world. It's not a "made up" Micheal Moore film. It's just shows beautiful images of our planet. I mean my goodness, just watch it for what it is instead of making a big deal out of everything. I definitely recommend this film to anyone who is interested to see what goes on in nature.


Title:  Explanation to those low-rating reviews...


Review: OK, I'm writing this to explain few things to people who wrote their reviews and gave this documentary 1 or 3 point with argument that there were too much killing and gallons of blood were shed or something like that.I've read where these guys are from, one from NYC and one from Toronto etc... it's pretty easy to forget what real life is about when you have full fridge in the kitchen, Wallmart next to your house and McDonald on your way to work, isn't it? It's pretty easy to forget when all you have to do to feed yourself is PUT THAT BURGER in your mouth. You guys forgetting what is wild reality about? To survive! In fact, animals spend most of the time (I think I've heard somewhere it's actually 16 hours of day!) searching for food or potential prey. So WAKE UP! What the hell did you wanted to see in the documentary?! How lion changing channels on his TV and playing computer games? Oh no, that's what YOU do all day instead of killing your future dinner! If you were thrown to savanna, or forest or anywhere else, you would probably die actually, but if not, you would spend your whole day looking for food. Believe me.Yes, this documentary is sometimes brutal, it's no cute Lion King story. Nothing for kids. But it shows reality. It's probably best documentary ever made and I can't wait to see it on Full HD TV. Thanks everyone who created this masterpiece.P.S.: Planet Earth: Diaries (2 episodes in the "Making of" style) is highly recommend to watch!


Title:  An eye-opener in HD


Review: You don't have to be a nature film-buff to love this series. That's what all the HD hype is about - striking BIG, sharp images with beautiful music and unobtrusive narration by David Attenborough make this an experience worth repeating. From sharp close-up the camera zooms out, out... Every detail of the landscape is carved out. Patterns in large animal migrations otherwise unnoticeable reveal themselves, demonstrating the perspective of the individual amidst the immensity of its environment like never before.It is the first documentary shot entirely in High Definition, and comparisons to you-know-who are inevitable. The influence of the IMAX pioneers is evident in the slow, careful camera pans. The "British" approach is less bombastic and much more informative. Each episode explores one habitat and its inhabitants. The themes don't need super-elevation beyond the accompanying images, and the background info explains just enough - due to play times of just under 50 minutes per episode. But the zig-zagging across the planet to the next highlight has its advantages - not a minute of boredom. While we follow some animals' journey over several key stations, most feature in just one event, but it's always a memorable one. Only the Making-of ("Diaries") reveal how unique and difficult many of these seemingly effortless shots were, and what technical achievements it took - like the gyroscopic camera filming these rock-steady zooms hanging beneath a pounding helicopter! The success of the series will surely break new ground for follow-ups and strengthen demand for "native" HDTV filming, with images as clear and exciting as never before.


Title:  An Inconvenient Truth...the sequel with more evidence...


Review: I doubt any oil execs will see this amazing footage, nor do I think it would faze them...and that's morally and ethically criminal, as is what the almighty dollar is capable of doing to people that can sell off 'our world' as if they actually own it...All it takes is one look at a NASA image of earth, seeing that thin film of atmosphere and then think of the daily onslaught of pollution humans put in it, to realize we have an impact on the very survival of this place and its creatures.I would often pick up a serpent starfish from one of the display tanks in and 'marvel that this creature in my hand has survived through many extinctions and remain (unchanged) in the fossil record for approx 600 million years!'... Then to think that 'we' are responsible for destroying 'their' habitat at an unprecedented rate...It's simply criminal...Even these animals are dealing with toxins and contaminants that (because they are man made) have never had do face before now.I hope these images serve to bring 'some awareness' to the diversity left on this planet and how important our actions are as we share it with the other inhabitants currently here.If these other lifeforms could speak, I'm sure they'd say they feel like the American Native Indians...'Fighting terrorism since 1492'...Regardless of anyone's personal opinion on the matters of 'Global Warming' or 'man's effects on the planet', IT'S A FACT THAT CO2 LEVELS HAVEN'T GONE OVER 300PPM (parts per million) IN OVER 1 MILLION YEARS HOWEVER, WITHIN THE LAST FEW DECADES THEY HAVE GROWN TO 383PPM...! DID YOU GET THAT???...ALMOST 1/3 HIGHER CO2 IN THE ATMOSPHERE AS A DIRECT CAUSE OF HUMANKIND'S ACTIVITIES (NOT TO MENTION THE POLLUTION OF OUR LAND MASSES, RIVERS, ETC...AFTER 1 MILLION YEARS OF MINIMAL NATURAL CHANGES(THROUGH MANY EXTINCTIONS WITHOUT THE EFFECTS OF MANKIND)...WHAT ARE YOU GONNA TELL YOUR KIDS / GRAND-KIDS?It's widely known (albeit too late for most) that our own government has made untold efforts to protect the economic interests of corporations dependent on fossil fuel profits and controlled supplies over the more important and immediate environmental issues facing us (It's as if the vast majority of the super-rich...many of which maintain that designation at the peril of some natural resource...have somehow convinced themselves that money makes them and their children, grandchildren, etc., 'impervious to anything'...including Mother Nature's Wrath)...Thanks...and my admiration (& appreciation) to the BBC and the makers of this outstanding work...


Title:  The Benchmark by which all other nature documentaries will be measured!


Review: There are plenty of other reviews for you to get the gist of this series, so I won't add my 10 pence worth (except to say that if you like nature documentaries, great camera work, beautiful scenery, accompanied by just the right level of information for this type of series, then I can almost guarantee that this series will be truly satisfying, and in all likelihood become the benchmark by which you measure all other nature documentaries, or even all documentaries of every genre - yes, it really is that good!).As usual with the 'human condition' there are dissenters, which is a good thing in general as it helps drive healthy debate, but from reading some of the negative posts on this website, I suspect that they are dissenting for the sake of dissenting (and appearing intellectual and/or non-conformative), pedancy, or for assuming that the series misses it's own objectives and the 'point' it's trying to make in some way. (I personally don't think the series has an agenda beyond presenting the world with probably the greatest all-round nature programme to have been made!).Some of the negative points posted are to the effect that;The series exposes the viewer to too much death, violence between animals etc.Well, isn't that what nature is largely about - survival!? (as well as reproduction and co-habitation which are equally as well covered). I suspect that the people who make these points are a bit squeamish and don't want to witness death (especially of 'cute' animals) in the comfort of their own homes. Some reviewer even put forward the ridiculously weak analogy on the series supposedly overdoing the violence aspect that 'if aliens made a documentary about humans, then we'd be unhappy that they only focused on killing and not art and study'. Humans have advanced far beyond the 'hunter-gatherer' status which was widespread tens of thousands of years ago, and if aliens made a documentary back then which happened to include humans, then i think it would have focused largely on the way in which we hunt, co-habitate and reproduce. A series devoted solely to humans would of course look more in depth at our primitive technologies, ability to communicate, social aspects etc....but this series has a much broader spectrum to cover - many of the species on the planet today!, so it's fairly obvious that it should focus on the primary functions of the world's non-human animals - that of hunting, co-habitating and reproduction!The series lacks in-depth information. What kind of information where they hoping to gain!? Should the series have gone into the embryology,molecular biology, genetic coding, evolution and ancestry, DNA structure of each individual species!? - it would take far too long, or would limit the series to about 10 different species!...or should the series have gone into ocean currents, plate tectonic movement amongst other things, in order to explain why animals inhabit the places they do!? - of course not!. This is a nature series, not material for a biology or geology or anything else degree. It's purpose (as with almost all nature programmes) is partly to inform and partly to entertain and inspire - and for me, this series gets the balance just about spot on!Humans are not included and not enough info is given to help combat climate change. I'm not sure it ever claimed to fulfil either wish. The very essence of a nature programme is about humans observing nature, certainly not observing ourselves - that would be called an 'anthropology programme' - humans are far too complex in societal nature (plus there are far too many sub-divisions of the human nature for this series to touch on - science, art, religion, politics, war...ad nauseum) to be included in a nature programme - a brief mention of how we effect nature might be justified, but things like climate change are still very much controversial, and if the series took a side on the issue, then people would have complained that the series had some sort of political agenda - which would undermine the entire series to quite a large extent!.The claim that 'not enough info is given to combat climate change' is a truism as, again, quite simply because this is not a series on climate change, and climate change is complex and controversial, so a series devoted to climate change would be necessary, and this series should be applauded for not pushing any political agenda down the viewer's throat.In short, by all means listen to what the people who gave the series negative views have to say. But any reasonably intelligent person who watches this absolute triumph of a piece of film making, should be able to make their own decisions, and, I think, will see it for what it is - a fantastic introduction to nature and the many of the Earth's current inhabitants!


Title:  Undeniably Brilliant


Review: Planet Earth is without a doubt one of the greatest television series ever put together. The images they have captured and effort the film makers have put in is note-worthy on every level. More than enough comments have been written about how incredible this series is, the only reason I am writing is in a response to a lot of the people who have missed the point of what they have done. A lot of the people who have written reviews have complained that the show has not been more political or that it will not reach the people who really matter. The people who made this show are not conservationists, they are film makers. Whoever dares to fault them for not making this series with more of an agenda should be ashamed. The point of this series was to show people how truly unbelievable our planet is. These filmmakers have given the viewer the decision to decide whether or not they want to react to our current situation, and this is the most powerful way to do it. They claim to have no real agenda, but at the same time, nobody who watches this series views it without feeling something. These filmmakers have accomplished something very impressive. Nobody who has watched Planet Earth has accused the filmmakers of being preachers, yet everyone who has watched it has been deeply affected. The filmmakers have accomplished something truly unbelievable: getting an extremely important message across to all viewers without smothering or hitting anyone in the face with it.


Title:  a mile wide, an inch deep?


Review: I have watched 3 or 4 episodes and the photography is the best I have ever seen on television. But I think in general it lacks depth of understanding on the plants/animals and their ecosystem, for a "documentary" series. For example, the episode on fungi that produces horrific tubers out of the heads of ants was amazing visually, but - anything on the ants' social structure? Which other plants/insects depend on them? Their role in the forest habitat? Anything else children should learn about their fascinating ecosystem? Nope. But the tubers sure were icky. Also the thrust of the series seems to be on how wonderful and breathtaking the planet is, without delving into questions about how humans are impacting these ecosystems (the episode on polar bears was an exception - but even this didn't dig into too much detail). In Canada like many others I grew up with "The Nature of Things" with David Suzuki, which really delved deeply into the science and human issues. This series seems to concentrate mostly on great photography, jumping from one area of the globe to another without pausing for too long to get into any real "details".A 10 for photography, 6 for content, so I averaged it to 8/10.


Title:  Greatest piece of natural history shot till now..


Review: 10 on 10 from my side, echoing the view of so many others who have felt the same. I think the team didn't waste a single penny of their enormous budget and captured spellbinding footage for eternity. Almost every episode is truly remarkable and capture enormous diversity and beauty of living things around us. Serious attention has to be paid to conserving our fish stocks, rainforests and mitigating the effects of global warming. I was brought to tears at the mention of polar bears plight, blue whale's dwindling numbers, Amur and snow leopard's measly numbers and Panda's heroic efforts at raising its young. We humans have blood on our hands at having reduced such magnificent creatures to a pale shadow of former glory. David attenborough is an apt choice for the narration lending his understated but perfect voice to the documentary, speaking only when necessary to make apposite comments and remaining silent at other times to let us marvel at the beauty of these creatures. In India this will cost more than 200 USD, a touch expensive by Indian standards where pirated DVD's are rampant. But without question this DVD is a collectors item. A must have.


Title:  The most vivid picture of earth to date.


Review: This series is incredible. It took 5 years to shoot the footage, and it really shows that they took their time with it. I bought the DVD recently, and its full of "firsts" in nature photography, including a snow leopard kill and a blue bird of paradise mating dance, both of which are incredible. Everything is shot with crystal clear quality and the score is at times epic, and fits the video very well. "Ocean Deep" features camera-work from two miles below the earth's surface and shows some truly tremendous life forms. This is basically the place to start if you're interested in nature at all.The only thing that ever bothers me about this show is that some of the episodes seem to have a jumpy or non-existent theme, and it makes it hard to remember which episode certain amazing clips are from.


Title:  The Greatest Series Ever


Review: Simply put, I have never seen a better series, or film for that matter. After re-watching the entire series for the 5th or 6th time this past week, I continue to be in awe. From the deepest oceans to the highest peaks, the coldest winters to the hottest deserts, Planet Earth makes you feel like you are there, experiencing the most incredible things are planet has to offer. From rare animals rarely spotted in the wild to incredible time lapses to beautiful panoramic shots from space, the film provides some of the most humbling images I have ever seen. Coupled with an AMAZING score and humble, sincere, and informative narration by David Attenborough, this epic piece of film making is Perfect in every way. Everyone I have ever shown it to is at the very least impressed, and usually in Awe. From nature lovers to computer nerds and jocks, the humbling images shown in Planet Earth makes everyone a believer in the power of nature once again. An Incredible series that should be included in all talks for the "Greatest of All Time".


Title:  Thank you BBC


Review: I really admire what BBC did all over the years for the sake of education and entertaining the world of useful programs and TV series.Earth Planet is one of my best programs for me and my family. 40 Million pounds budget for this series, no one can do it for commercial purposes. But BBC did it to educate the world about the beauty of our planet and how to save it.channels like Discovery, animal planet and national geographic are my favorites and recommend everyone to see them Thank you BBC and Celebrating the Green EarthYasser


Title:  It doesn't get any better than this.


Review: According to IMDb trivia: "The project took 40 camera teams shooting at over 200 different locations all over the world for more than five years." I really think this says it all. After all, instead of the usual documentary where one or two cameramen shoot some nice animal footage, this one goes way, way beyond. In addition to the best footage you'll ever see in a documentary, you are also treated with terrific time-lapse footage, video from airplanes and it's all in glorious HD. Add to this the wonderful narration by David Attenborough and you have the very best nature series ever. In fact, other shows just don't even come close. A visual treat not to be missed--chocked full of so many WOW moments!


Title:  Should be called "BBC - Yeah, animals suck"


Review: This is going to be an unpopular review. But if even just one of you find it helpful, then there is hope for the Universe.Visually this is a stunning achievement. Read the other reviews about that stuff. But philosophically, it left me cold, empty and somewhat disgusted. This series focuses very heavily (almost exclusively) on two things: eating and procreating. It portrays animal life at its worst: savage, selfish and opportunistic. Having been intimately involved in wildlife studies & conservation, I can tell you that there's more to animal life than this.Imagine a race of aliens doing a documentary about human life, and they focus exclusively on slaughterhouses and daycare centers. That would hardly be a fair portrayal of the wonders of which we humans are capable. As a human, I'm sure you'd be outraged that the higher pursuits, like art and study, had been overlooked in favour of the more sensational, dramatic and carnal elements of life.The segments about predators (wild dogs, cougars, sharks, hawks) show them to be nothing more than killing machines (complete with the obligatory soundtrack - minor key, low cello note). They are invariably shown either hunting or eating. Or thinking about hunting. There is no footage of the fascinating wild dog "singing" rituals, playtime or simple leisure--the stuff they do when they're not ripping antelope to shreds, you know? Unfortunately documentaries like this only serve to reinforce the myopic opinion that "nature is savage". And in turn, humans feel it is their duty to emulate such savagery. If this documentary were indeed what it purports to be--an objective view of the planet Earth--then it would have offered not only the vulgar cycles of life and death but the inscrutable mysteries of life that do not fall into that category. Aside from a 5-second shot of a polar bear tobogganing down a hillside (which Attenborough narrates as "she may be cleaning her fur or simply enjoying herself"), this documentary claims to understand everything about animals, limited to killing and procreation, of course.Serious nature enthusiasts may be offended. Werner Herzog would be proud ("I believe the common denominator of the Universe is not harmony, but chaos, hostility and murder"--Grizzly Man). Me, I was severely bummed out. I rate this a 10 for cinematography and a 5 for content. Watch it as a feast for the eyes. But make no mistake, there is a lot more to life on Earth than what this show implies. And Sir David Attenborough has a very anthropocentric view of the world. It is no wonder that, when asked why he does not endorse vegetarianism, he said, alluding to the superiority of the human species, that he has no moral problem with killing animals and also added that he "doesn't love animals, but is fascinated by them." He openly admitted hating rats and said that his favourite animal is the human being (source: funtrivia.com). Implied: "Animals suck."


Title:  Abaout the Crystal cave Chihuahua


Review: Naica mine in Chihuahua, Mexico isn't the only place where there is to be found a crystal cave...Not based on gypsum, there is another cave in Romania, Polaris Cave(Pestera Polaris), near Moneasa,Romania, that has rich crystal formations. Why didn't anyone talk about that? I think that there sadly is a Pro-Americanish politics about this documentary, but besides that, it is the best documentary ever... It has the best camera sets, and the best cameramen...jolly good job, mates!! keep on doing the good work!!!Alexandru,Romania