Title:  No Rating lower than a one


Review: I have often used the phrase the worst movie I have ever seen when describing a movie that I did not enjoy. That was until I saw Pledge This. ever since then I have been unable to say worst movie ever because I know that it wasn't as bad as this one. Ill admit I thought I knew what I was getting into when I saw this movie. I knew that it was National Lampoon and how that name no longer means what it did in the 70s and 80s. I knew that it was staring Paris Hilton so that I shouldn't really expect anything majestic. But I thought that it would be a more or less fun 90 minutes if i wanted to watch a simple brainless sex comedy with lots of fart jokes. Boy was I wrong. There is nothing good about this movie. Not the story obviously or the acting. But I was almost stunned to see how bad the rest of the movie was. It was poorly edited, the quality was awful. One whole scene took place in a white room and the walls were so bright that I couldn't even see the characters. (unfortunatly I was still able to hear what was being said.) Now I'm not the type of person to normally go around bashing movies without reason. But I almost feel that I cant review this movie other than to repeat that it was bad bad bad. I planned to end this by saying that you should see it just to put every other movie you ever saw into perspective but I've decided that I couldn't even suggest you do that.


Title:  Don't even bother. It makes you stupid.


Review: This movie is terrible, in every possible way. Even though I started it with already-low expectations, I was disgusted the entire time by its banality. This movie made me stupid.The acting is terrible, and Paris Hilton's voice-over is annoying at best, and sometimes ambiguous about whose voice-over it actually is. There is barely any continuity between scenes, and major plot points are often introduced but then mysteriously forgotten forever by the next scene. Gags and jokes are lame; every part of the movie seems to be designed specifically to insult your intelligence as a viewer. Worse, the entire movie is based around the idea of the sorority being "hot", but there wasn't a single part about it that I found hot. Truly, I don't think there's anything in this movie that anyone but a hotel heiress can relate to.In short, if you think Paris Hilton is beautiful and amazing, then you will love this movie!


Title:  This movie is so bad its actually find of funny..


Review: I saw this movie with low expectations and was not disappointed. Its so bad that it is actually funny in a very cringe worthy way.Paris is absolutely terrible, I mean she just cannot act, period. She should give up now, as acting is clearly not her thing.. And i'm sure that those voice overs weren't even her! Her co-stars are about the same calibre, i'm sure my 5 year old cousin could do a better job than all of them! Simon Rex, although he is hot, nothing can save him from his abysmal performance in this train wreck.. he should stick to porn.The director should be ashamed to have put his name on something so ridiculous and tacky.. Somehow I don't think an Oscar is on the cards for this guy.I have never written a comment on IMDb, but this movie was so bad I felt compelled to do so.If you get the chance to see this film, don't.


Title:  And you thought American Pie 4 was a waste of time?


Review: "Hi my name is Paris Hilton, and I am the most ego-centric person on the face of the Earth". "Fine lets make a movie about your ever-so-fabulous lifestyle" said the director. That's how "Pledge This!" came to be.Never before have so many hot women (not including Paris of course, but that's just my opinion) starred in a more lame movie. Bad excuse for showing off skimpy outfits (that's why I gave it a star) and a wide variety of breasts. Holly Valance might have earned the movie a second star, but she wasn't on screen long enough.Don't waste time on this... No matter what you do...


Title:  Worse than you can imagine


Review: OK, I'm really bad at writing reviews but I just have to warn you.This movie has gotten reviews with votes around 8/10, since this is obviously some of the cast members voting I'll just have to make that clear! No-one who isn't past puberty can find this funny, I watched this with 3 of my friends. We all like high school movies (we all go to college), especially when we are hung over from last night which we were when we watched this "movie".First we wanted to shut it off and go watch paint dry, but then some randomly placed (very nice) T&A came in to the picture and we decided to continue watching. We didn't understand anything about the plot and if you do, you have probably written the manuscript. There is no logic at all in this movie.This is what I believe that the movie is about: Paris Hilton is the head of some girl sorority, her biggest dream is to be on the cover of FHM (soft-playboy) and now she has her chance. FHM have a competition where the most beautiful sorority gets to be on the cover, awesome! But (oh no) the sorority has to have a nerd girl too so now they have to let in a group of nerd-girls in the sorority.Actually the only thing that kept us watching was that every time one of us started to complain about how bad this movie was one of the girls in movie showed her titties. Kudos to the director who actually saw when the movie sucked so bad that titties was the only thing that could save the movie. There are a LOT of randomly placed tittie-scenes which have nothing to do with the "plot" in this movie. And they're needed.This movie has no logic, actually not even scenes that fit together, it is for no one that isn't IN puberty, the few laughs you'll get is when the movie makes so little sense that it's actually funny. The girls in this movie are very nice tough, but they don't manage to make it watchable.Unless if you really-really like tits, then maybe this movie can make you not vomit. If you do like tits (I know I do) rent American Pie 5 instead, it's funnier. Or rent porn, it has better acting.


Title:  Absolutely The Worst Film Ever Made in This World


Review: I thought that Bloodrayne was bad enough. I was wrong. I considered Terminator 3 and Blade 3 to be bad. No, they are really great films in comparison with this scatological, brain-wrenching, gut-tearing, blood-sucking, mind-eating monster of a film. This is not a film, even. There is nothing there - no real script, no good casting, no good music, and finally there is Paris Hilton, an epitome of a bad taste. Man, she doesn't even pretend to play. All she can do, is a set of learned-before poses and smiles, wry and false, as she always was. This is not good, in addition to the "pleasure" of watching her legs and body too too much, which is not the most yummy part, either. I cannot even imagine anyone, except for sex-hungry, 12-years boy, or a little, brainless girl of 10, who could watch this abominable terror. Never allow your kids to ever think of going to watch this. Never recommended, to anyone. Rate - 0. But since here is 1 as the lowest, I give it a 1.


Title:  Worst film ever


Review: I have never posted a review on here before but this film is so bad that I felt compelled to. If I even stop one person from seeing this film it's been worth while.There is nothing right with this film. The acting is appalling (even Paula Garces whom I normally like) the script seem to have been written by a bunch of pubescent 14 year old boys and in what film EVER have you seen the "baddie" given an narrative voice-over??? I watch a LOT of films and as a result of this I get to watch a lot of dross, however I honestly think that this is the worst film I've ever seen. I did not see this film as Paris Hilton was in it in fact I saw it despite the fact her name was on the cover,in fact I thought her name was only on the cover for name value as no-one would be stupid enough to put her in a lead role, but yes they did! I cannot stress this strongly enough...DO NOT SEE THIS FILM!


Title:  Pathetic!!!!


Review: Easily the worst film I have seen since little shop of horrors....And what Horrors there were in this film.National Lampoons films up until now had a certain pedigree, they were a bit cheesy but very funny Chevy Chase was always brilliant in them.This was just a pathetic ego booster for Paris Hilton as far as I can see who obviously is believing her own hype.Paris should stick to home made porn and shopping that is all she is good for Her parents must be so proud. I think she is a terrible actress in fact it didn't even seem like she was acting to me it was pathetic.To all of you who watched it just for Paris Hilton and drool over her grow up she is a spoilt slapper who can't act. Get a grip.As for the producers of this film, hat kind of idiots do you take us for. Do better next time or there wont be too many opportunities for you to produce crap movies because people wont watch them.If I could mark this film lower I would.


Title:  My brain tried to strangle me


Review: If I could give this movie a ratings less than 1 I would. This is coming from someone who LIKES fairly terrible movies. I watched Dorm Daze and thought it was mildly amusing. I watched Britney Spears in Crossroads for gods sake.This movie made my brain try to jump down my throat and choke me just to save itself from the abject misery. Even the randomly placed T&A shots weren't enough to come CLOSE to making up for the terrible acting and plot. Having one of those girls in my actual LIVING ROOM naked would have made it even, and that's about it.I would like to personally curse the names of the people who gave this movie a positive review, since I watched it based on those recommendations. I hope they have an extremity crushed by a load of bricks.Oh, and if you didn't think it was possible to hate that worthless waste of space Paris Hilton any more. . . this movie will prove you wrong.


Title:  almost...the worst movie ever....


Review: Paris Hilton is a s***. That was the worst movie i have ever watched in my entire life, that even tops "bring it on again". that wasn't her acting, that was her normally. Apart from she probably thinks she's hotter in real life. if don't even think it desererves a one out of ten, i don't even thinks she deserves this comment it was that f***** bad. most of the lines were irrelevant and hit an all time new low. the hot guy wasn't even that hot, but i think we should be focusing on the fact that Paris sucks. she is not cool. the only thing to stop it from being the worst movie in the entire history of worst movies is if she had sung. thankfully...she did not do this. i don't know what else to say....Paris is a s***.


Title:  An ugly-spirited film intended for only the most shallow and stupid viewers.


Review: Some films get a score of 1 because they are ineptly filmed or the acting is terrible due to incredibly low budgets. Given what they had, they couldn't do much better.. This film, technically speaking, isn't that bad--it looks professional. But, it is also the ugliest and most shallow film I have ever seen without a single thing to recommend it.The film stars Paris Hilton and she also narrates much of the film. The premise is that she's the ultimate hottie and she goes to South Beach to help a sorority become hot enough to win some pointless award. And much of the narration consists of her finding fault with everyone and it abounds with her put-downs, as no one could possibly be "as hot and sexy" as her. She forgot to also add "as narcissistic and pathetic".Here are a few of the highlights in this uplifting and sublime film: a bathroom where the toilets and sinks become geysers of liquefied human waste and it spews on everyone, an Indian lady who learns about the joys of a vibrator, a lady showing off her horribly scarred breasts following breast surgery, stereotypes as opposed to realistic characters (such as the obligatory fat girl with a suitcase stuffed with snacks and the religious zealot), some anti-lesbian and anti-woman remarks/jokes (I'm not super-sensitive about politically correct stuff and still it clearly offended me to hear women referred to that way), bestiality as well as the crudest language I've ever heard (not funny crude, just classless and crass). Clearly, the film shows all the imagination and grace of a movie written by a 13 year-old--a very nasty and talentless 13 year-old. Currently, this and several other Paris Hilton films are in the hallowed Bottom 100 on IMDb. Considering it consists of Hilton dispensing advice to others on how to be a better person or just her torturing people for fun, I could certainly understand it making the list! It's nasty and cruel--without a hint of grace or cleverness. If you think that Paris does not get enough time in front of the camera and you have absolutely no values (other than to look 'hot'), then this movie is for you. Otherwise, find something else to do...ANYTHING else!


Title:  I Pledge To You: Avoid This


Review: "Pledge this!" is undoubtedly one of the worst movies I have seen to date. It takes a tired concept and manages to make it worse in every possible way. The acting is horrid, the plot makes absolutely no sense, and the execution is dead on arrival. All this and more spells doom in a project that should have been left on the cutting room floor.It doesn't help that I find Paris Hilton to be extremely annoying and totally unworthy of the screen time she has been given, but to make matters worse, she narrates a movie in which she constantly tries to reaffirm her "character" as better than everyone else, but what was vividly clear (at least, in my eyes) is that she is talking about herself as a person, not the character she so poorly portrays.You would figure that someone like Paris would be able to handle playing the spoiled rich girl since the role hits so close to home, but unfortunately, even she seems like she doesn't know what is going on. She appears disoriented and dumbfounded as to what exactly she is doing, as do those surrounding her.This film doesn't have a saving grace. It has nothing to redeem it except for the fact it ends. And the ending is as predictable as anything you will ever find. In a movie where a snobby, rich girl gets all the admiration and respect, one easily expects the ending to knock her down a peg.... and that is exactly what happens. No curveballs here. The screenplay is bland and extremely unoriginal.Every single aspect from beginning to end was both predictable and poorly executed. It is bad enough to make a movie in which nothing new is attempted, but to do what has already been done and do it in a lackluster manner? That is inexcusable.If I am to pledge thee one sage drop of advice: Avoid this and you'll be forever better for it.


Title:  Worst Movie Ever!


Review: As i do about every Tuesday I look to see what new DVDs come out I came across this terrible film. Read the back it sounded interesting. Sounded like Paris wasn't going to be a huge role. Either way its terrible. Not even funny at all. Every scene in the movie was a blatant rip-off of another movie and they failed to even achieve the same effect as gag done in previous movies. The only scene that got a reaction out of me was seeing the scars from the one chicks plastic surgery. It brought nothing new to the table and I am shocked national lampoons would even put their name on this garbage. Paris needs to stick to doing what she does best. Nothing! I actually returned this to the store opened. I told them I didn't want my money back or anything I just don't even want to have the movie in my possession anymore. Do yourself a favor and avoid!


Title:  mindshattering!


Review: this movie is absolutely amazing, its level of sophistication is beyond belief. despite what most people say, this is actually a philosophical film that requires a high level understanding of plato's republic, combined with arthur schopenhauer's thesis on the human condition this is truly a master piece. a hidden gem. It is one of those rear classics that gets better every time. after i watched it the 8th time, its true meaning suddenly hit me like a 10 tonne coconut on my head. a must watch, and must watch repeadtly until it hits you. It is best watched with a bunch of relatives so you can discuss and reflect on your family relationships afterwards. wow. amazing. i'm going to watch it again right now.


Title:  Not hot


Review: This film is about a sorority president doing whatever it takes to win the hottest sorority contest held by a popular magazine.I purely watched this film to see how bad it is. And I was not disappointed! Everything is bad. All the gross toilet jokes makes it bad, and that scene with breast augmentation scars is simply downright insulting and distasteful. The story is completely ridiculous. What's the worst bit though, is that the film keeps on portraying Paris Hilton as the Goddess that everyone worships. The minor characters says "Oh my god she is so hot" once every minute, and Paris Hilton uses every opportunity to degrade and humiliate everyone else to show that she is superior. From the name of her character "Victoria English", one can see that she thinks she is Queen Victoria. Oh she's even got a crown on half the time. Believe me, the film is really not hot!


Title:  What happened to National Lampoon?


Review: I have to admit that I rented this movie because Paris Hilton was in it. Now that that's outta the way, the second reason was because it was National Lampoon's. We're talking about the same people that brought us Van Wilder, Animal House and the Vacation series!!! With that said, after the movie was over, I asked myself, "And why was the name National Lampoon's" on this???? I have to admit that I didn't care too much for the Dorm Days series, either, and was even whispering then.......What happened to National Lampoon's??? Anyway, I have seen quite a few Paris Hilton films and enjoyed them all, and to be honest, I didn't think she did a bad job here guys. I've seen her do worse, like her performance in Bottom's Up with Jason Mewes. It almost appeared as if she didn't really want to do that movie, as she was not making an effort to making her character believable. As for the rest of Pledge This? The movie was filled with extremely lame punchlines and a predictable outcome. I watched the Special Features, and one of the actors, I believe it was, actually called it a great script! You could have put, I don't know, Ryan Reynolds and Tara Reid in this movie and it still wouldn't have been a great script! I will give it 3 stars because even though it was predictable, I thought with funnier punchlines, it actually could have been a hilarious movie. All in all, I think Paris has the potential to be a good actress if she'd stop accepting roles that are based on, well....her! Oh, and WHAT HAPPENED TO NATIONAL LAMPOON'S????


Title:  Could Have Been Good


Review: 1)If the term "HOT" or "Thats Hot" was not used every couple of minutes it would of been bearable. (what did Paris get a fee for every time it was used or was it apart of her contract. Since she has the copyright).2)The Lead was played by someone who could act.3)The narration was done by someone else (voice-over) or a Lead that could narrate.4)If they DIDN'T Count on Paris to bring in the audience but punched up the script (As stated in the extras --Because Paris was in the movie it had to be a success).I give all movies a fair chance an watch them even if its rating is low, But this movie was definitely pulled down to the bottom by Paris Hilton.As stated in another review: They wanted Paris to come back and do a nude scene. Only reason - They knew the movie was weak and having a known celeb exposed, it may have drawn a bigger crowd (At least they hoped so). Why would she hesitate at doing this? Her claim to fame is her sex tape (1 Night in Paris) and flashing her crotch and breasts in public. Who knew she could be so modest Not - Probably didn't get offered enough(in her mind ) to be bothered.


Title:  Might be useful on long haul flights when you need to slip into a coma for a few hours.


Review: This isn't a movie as such, more of an extended filming of "I am Paris Hilton and I must be idolized". Or soft porn for the brain dead. Wafer thin plot has something to do with a bunch of sorority girls trying to be on the cover of FHM magazine. The only attempts to advance the plot are in the form of voice-overs whenever she's on screen. Seems like weaving a story into the script was too difficult for the writers, and it's not even her voice you hear. No likable characters either. At one time a toilet explodes and covers all the girls in crap, but an old lady gets covered too, so the girls all laugh despite being covered themselves. What fun.I gave up on this when a scene involving a Hilton and her boyfriend holding a hammer didn't have the ending I was rooting for.


Title:  Dumbest trash of 2006


Review: It's a good thing I didn't spend a dime to watch this. It wasn't worth a dime.Honestly, how can Paris *NOT* win the Razzies? Sharon Stone doesn't hold a candle to Hilton's complete lack of talent? The jokes weren't even funny. I want my 15 minutes pf life back. Incidentally, I could only stand 15 minutes anyway. I guess I'm tolerant of vile trash than most. LOL!Girls weren't that hot either. And Paris looked like a skank as usual, no acting needed, that's her everyday persona. National lampoon used to have funny movies back in the '80s. What happened? All the latest National Lampoon flicks have been nothing but junk. Compared to this complete piece of trash, I think Basic Instinct 2 needs to get an Oscar.


Title:  What in the World???


Review: This movie looks like 15 different first year editing students put it together. This would have been better as a Betamax release. Paris Hilton's mommy must have paid someone to get her little princess in this film. Paris just proves that her fame isn't because she can act. In the end Hilton's monster character suddenly redeems herself and becomes one of the good guys? Was that in her contract? "I don't want to be the meanie in the end." Because it made no sense and kicked the legs out from underneath this 'movie.' There was a lot of potential here, with a lot of funny comedic actors, but the editing and directing were so ineptly handled it seemed more like a reject from a dirty version of America's Funniest Home Videos.


Title:  Horrid does not begin...


Review: to describe how bad this movie is. I didn't expect much more than T&A with mediocre acting, but even that was a let down. The only reason I gave it a 3 was for the few tatas that did make it to the screen, the fairly frequent scantily clad coeds and Poo Poo. Paris is a scanky, stuck up, rich, snobby b-word who looks down on everyone the entire movie and in the end she's still that way and we're supposed to love her for it. Hmmm, could that be because she helped direct the film? She probably gave the director his own private showing of A Night in Paris.All in all, this movie isn't even worth it if all you're looking for is T&A. Stay away at all costs. I can only hope that the NR version was better than this crappy R version that I saw.


Title:  What was the writer thinking


Review: This movie was absolutely 100% terrible. I would only recommend watching it in order to make fun of it. The plot made absolutely no sense whatsoever. Whoever wrote this movie had to be on something to actually find it funny. There are dozens of jokes completely miss the mark. All the characters are completely stereotyped but not in a way to make it funny and some don't even fit. The only good part of it was the Yorkie was cute, but they should be charged with animal cruelty for forcing the dog to be in this movie. I don't expect much from the straight to video releases from National Lampoon, but they should be ashamed that years after creating the ultimate Fraternity life college movie they made a Sorority one this pitiful.


Title:  Its a classic of some sort


Review: I watched this film, i have no idea why. I can't understand what possessed me to watch a film with Paris Hilton.I guess the best part of the film was the random b00bi3s.The worst part was anything to do with Paris Hilton. This woman is so lazy she didn't even do all of the voice overs.After the film was over I just sat there for 30 minutes motionless as my brain was recovering from the numerous brain cells destroyed watching this.However, if you're an evil person. Lend this film to your hated enemies.


Title:  Unbelievable.


Review: 1. I am not young. I am Old (50+) 2. I know my "cinema history" , what you USA residents may see at TNT, etc. Art house too. 3. I also like " kids movies", as they are shown a lot here on comm. TV too (that s not " red", it is Kommersjal !!). (we have PUBLIC TV here as well!!) I mean, "Scream" (1), Scary Movie, etc they aren't THAT bad....Some Lohan flicks neither (Like where she changes with her mother). Last night one of our Comm Nets did this film . IT IS THE WORST PIECE OF FILMED STORY I HAVE EVER HAD TO SEE. (Apart from the Dutch 1970s film with P. Faber a.o. , called In Je Blote Reet or so) Of course, I changed channel after 20-30 minutes..... why the .... do these Dutch TV comp's buy this nonsense anyway, or was it a Package Deal ?? (With the ever present Basic Instinct, the Missioon |IMp.'s 1,2,3, the Rambo's etc. ??) Let Paris keep on partying and choke in it too.


Title:  i can't believe i swallowed the same booger for nearly 30 min.


Review: where to start?virtually no plot.bad acting,bad taste.lots of t&a.nude lesbian scenes.even that can not salvage this booger.not much else.Paris Hilton is in this.i still say she can act,given the right material,but the road to becoming a serious(or at least respected)actress does not begin with this phlegm.or maybe she doesn't want to become a serious actress.in which case,she is headed in the right direction.i may have managed to get through half an hour of this thing,before i said,screw it,there must be something else to do.i am not a prude and have low standards(or is that high standards?--i can never remember) when it comes to things such as bad taste,but this was beyond my capacity.mostly because it just not relevant.but then neither was the rest of the movie.Most of the actresses in this sludge probably don't have the acting ability to make it in porn movies.anyway,i think i met the required 10 lines,so i'll leave it at that.but don't say i didn't warn you. a big fat 0/10