Title:  A Great Movie From Sony Pictures. It is unjust to be under-rated!.


Review: Superbabies:Baby Geniuses 2 is a perfect movie for kids. It has all the elements of success: entertainment,great acting, amazing direction and a good story. It is unfair to see some unjust critics harshly criticizing entertaining and good children movies because they are not paid from movie makers .Four genius babies play detectives and cleverly fighting evil.Media mogul Bill Biscane kidnaps innocent children everywhere and there is a cute and smart child called Kahuna who after drinking a special chemical he becomes a strong kid just like a superman, he changes into a super-baby to fight evil and rescue the lives of his friends.I have absolutely enjoyed watching this stunning movie.Alas it is too good to be under-rated!.


Title:  Best movie I have ever watched


Review: This movie is the best movie I have ever watched. Even masterpieces like E.T, Jaws and even Avatar can't beat this movie.The acting was great, the characters were really cute. I really like this movie. It doesn't deserve to be on the top 100 lowest rated movies list. I can't wait to see a sequel to this brilliant movie. My favorite character was Bouncing Boy because he reminds me of my baby. This movie is simply the best. Actually it's the best movie ever made.When I first saw this movie I was so excited I jumped out of my chair. The acting skills of the main hero were on the level of Vin Diesel. The directing skills were even better the Derek Savage's.


Title:  Excellent movie but heavily underrated.


Review: SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 is the follow-up to 1999's Baby Geniuses. In it, four smart babies team up with 7-year-old "defender of children everywhere" Kahuna to prevent media mogul Bill Biscane's plot to enslave the world through powerful subliminal TV programming.Babies start jumping at day-care center Bobbins World, in the stewardship of Stan and Jean Bobbins. (Stan's brother from the first film owns the center but is busy saving children overseas.) The Bobbins are preparing for the arrival of Mr. Biscane, who, at this point in the film, is an internationally recognized advocate of children and orphans. Biscane has chosen the Bobbins' upscale L.A. day care to premier his new television show for kids. Stan hopes the exposure will turn the day care into a nationally known brand, "the McDonald's of day care." Biscane has other ideas.As the Bobbinses work themselves into a high-stress lather over the near visit, four smart babies:Archie, Finkleman, Rosita and Alex sit talking to one another in a play area. To the ordinary watcher, it looks as if they're just talking baby talk. But Jean becomes convinced that they're actually having a conversation. And she's right: Archie is telling the other toddlers about the legend of Kahuna, a 7-year-old überspy who prevented the evil Nazi-like commander Kane's plot to enslave orphaned East German children.The other babies dismiss Archie's tall tale. But they soon discover that Kahuna is no legend when he comes to their rescue—which they desperately need after getting unwittingly dragged into Biscane's malevolent sights—tricked out with all the requisite Bond-like hardware, including a snazzy rocket-powered three-wheeler. Along the way, Kahuna empowers the babies to believe in themselves, revealing each one's superpower!.This movie is so great .I still do not know why it is heavily underrated. It was an enjoyable thing to do watching the movie on DVD and I am so certain it would be magical to see this excellent movie in 3D at the movies.


Title:  Babies are Cool


Review: Babies are Cool!!! If you like babies, then this is the movie for you. Bob Clark is a genius for creating a movie about superhuman babies. Where does he get these ideas from??? Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2 would have been more successful if Tommy Wiseau had directed it. My little brother likes this movie, he also likes babies. If you don't like this movie, it means you hate babies... WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?!?! The script for this movie was inventive and creative, because it was an accurate representation of a baby conversation. Did I mention that babies are cool? Like, Comment, and Subscribe if you love babies. Tomorrow we will be exploring www.legendsofequestria.com~With Love, Tommy Wiseau


Title:  A Masterpiece Movie That Has Been Unfairly Under-rated!.


Review: It is so unjust to see most critics defame a great movie like super babies: Baby Geniuses 2. Contrary to the numerous unfair comments made by critics,this movie is interesting and highly recommended for kids.Plot of Super babies:Following on from the plot of the last movie, four babies can communicate with each other using 'baby talk', and have knowledge of many secrets. The baby geniuses become involved in a scheme by media mogul Bill Biscane (Jon Voight), later revealed to be known as Kane, who kidnaps children everywhere. Helping the geniuses is a legendary superbaby named Kahuna (he became powerful due to drinking a special chemical, much to the envy of his brother Kane), who stops Biscane's plots and saves children from being kidnapped by Biscane and his minions. He joins up with several other babies in an attempt to stop Biscane, who intends to use a state-of-the-art satellite system to control the world's population by brainwashing them and forcing people to not be active and watch TV the rest of their lives.Rent or buy This DVD!. This lovely movie is especially made for kids.


Title:  I'm Not Forcing You To Buy The DVD,But This Movie Is Absolutely Perfect!.


Review: Despite The Negative Unfair Reviews,Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2 is One Of The Best Movies I Have Ever Seen.The Movie Is So Funning & Creative.Plot:Following on from the plot of the last movie, four babies can communicate with each other using 'baby talk', and have knowledge of many secrets. The baby geniuses become involved in a scheme by media mogul Bill Biscane (Jon Voight), later revealed to be known as Kane, who kidnaps children everywhere. Helping the geniuses is a legendary super baby named Kahuna (he became powerful due to drinking a special chemical, much to the envy of his brother Kane), who stops Biscane's plots and saves children from being kidnapped by Biscane and his minions. He joins up with several other babies in an attempt to stop Biscane, who intends to use a state-of-the-art satellite system to control the world's population by brainwashing them and forcing people to not be active and watch TV the rest of their lives.A Very Enjoyable Comedy Movie,I Laughed and forgot my pain and Believe Me:" No Scene Whatsoever In This Spectacular Movie Is Boring"!.


Title:  One of the best funniest movies.


Review: I don't know why most people are so bigoted and prejudiced about a great funny movie like Baby Geniuses.I never forced anyone to speak positively about a movie they detest but to tell the truth to underestimate a family movie with a great actress like Kathleen Turner in it is quite unfair!. The babies in both movies part 1 and 2 are so cuddly,cute,funny and intelligent. All The incidents of the movie were so natural,realistic and far from superficiality.There was no exaggeration whatsoever. The acting was fantastic.Who would ever imagine seeing babies that are barely 3 years old act so perfectly ?. My vote was fair in giving this masterpiece movie 10/10.I already bought The DVD and dying to see the 3rd part of Baby Geniuses.


Title:  Not Even Funny


Review: I saw this movie with my friends just so we could make fun of it, but you can't even really do that, the movie is just so repetitive, boring, and ridiculous that you stop laughing at it start smashing your head against a table. The plot makes no sense and there's nothing holding the movie together, it's like the director made it terrible on purpose just to torture whoever sees it. Don't see the movie, even if you just want to make fun of it, it's just way too terrible. If I had the option of choking myself to death and watching this movie again I would choke myself to death. We honestly only got through forty-five minutes of the movie before turning it off, but just those forty-five minutes have scared me for life.


Title:  I've seen waaaaaaaaaaay worse


Review: This wasn't as good as the first, but still good. People over-exaggerate to the extreme with this. This film is about a group of toddlers who hear the legend about the Kahuna, a Peter Pan-like kid and his nemesis (Jon Voigt.) Voigt is creating something attached to tvs that control people's minds and the group accidentally retrieve a disc of his for the tvs and are about to be ambushed when the Kahuna himself saves them. The Kahuna takes them under his wing to be super and nail his enemy once and for all. I'll name a few things worse than this: The Goods, From Justin to Kelly, Bloodsport 4, Daddy Day Camp, Future Wars, Battlefield Earth, Batman and Robin.


Title:  Watch this infantile masterpiece.


Review: Bob Clark's evocatively enthralling fantasy epic sees the return of our beloved infant vigilante squad, and as it quenches our lusty and desired thirst for more naked baby, it leaves the audience satisfied in an orgasmic manner. However, controversy engulfs the film's systematic and clearly spontaneous manners of violence and drug abuse, claiming it to depict scenes extremely relative to that of the death of Baby P. Ignore that though. The menial topics of contemporary news can not, in any dignified manner, overshadow the sheer and awesome power of this infantile masterpiece.Of course I haven't watched this bloody film, who in the right mind would? Who in the right mind would write a screenplay for the scourge that is Bob Clark?


Title:  Absolutely fantastic, couldn't ask for more


Review: Superbabies was a great sequel to that other film which was excellent in and of itself. You could do some serious damage with a set of babies like that. Oh my god. They were so super! Loved every second. Voight was great. Here are some other great things, listed on separate lines: Babies Geniuses The fact that they were superbaby geniuses The acting of that kylie woman Minogue Kahuna Jon Vought's acting chops Steve Buscemi.All in all, please watch this, do yourself a favour 10/10P.S., just wanted to clarify, this was a great film PPS the helicopter part was the bestPPPS And the vanPPPPPS And all of the other vehicles in the film were also the best parts


Title:  Amazing


Review: After viewing this extraordinary work of masterful art all I have to say is "WOW!" This may be the greatest movie ever gifted to man. It's sheer splendor is entirely unrivaled in the world of cinema. Before watching Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2, you need to ask yourself; "Am I ready for the most beautiful piece of artful wonder ever to be handed down through the vestiges of man's wisdom?". Before I watched Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2, I would lay in my bed thinking to myself "All I want out of life is to watch a movie centered upon extremely smart toddlers saving people." You may be wondering "Is Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2, really as good as you say it is?" The only answer to this question is through watching this awesome achievement of writing and filmography. I suggest you buy this movie, in fact, I suggest you buy one copy of this movie for every member of your immediate family and their friends.


Title:  Great Movie!


Review: I was bored so I went to rent a movie at he video club. I had seen all the movies except one. The Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2 . When I went home i thought it would be childish but the messages it gives makes it touching and great to watch. I cried watching this touching story and the script was amazing. Especially when the babies talked... I loved it.It was funny. Thank god people make movies like that !The plot is about babies. Nothing more. Cute little babies. It is a really great movie. A must watch film that must be seen. If you watch this film i bet you will get the same feelings as i did. I hope this review helped you decide on your next film


Title:  Heavyweight of our generation


Review: Despite the heavy controversy surrounding this film, I believe that this is one of the true masterpieces of our time and gets very little recognition for its engrossing and highly technical special effects. Also the acting in this wonderful film is second to none and creates such immersion that after the film finished, I felt my life had no meaning. I took my would-be girlfriend to see this film on release, I don't understand why she never called me again, I mean who could possibly dislike the quirky humor and top notch acting, even to this day I feel that even the famous 'Shawshank redemption' Cannot hope to compare with this true masterpiece. All in all this film is a true heavyweight of modern cinema, it's a must buy!


Title:  The Best Film Ever Made


Review: This film was the best film I have ever seen in my life! It was both gut bustingly funny but also tear jerkingly sad. The story is so deep it just brings you into this world the movie has made, every time I re watch this masterpiece I am always shocked at little things that I missed before. The specials effects where also amazing, the way the babies talk are extremely realistic and the fights are some of the most epic I have ever seen. If you have not seen this go see it now! It's too bad I can only give this film a 10/10 since I think its a 11/10. There are films that push the limits and blow your mind and this is one of them!


Title:  Best film ever!!!


Review: When seeing this film on the bottom of IMDb's list of top 100 worst films ever I was shocked. This film has everything, the first time i saw it I cried at how beautiful it was. All the characters have such depth and meaning into them especially characters like brain boy and bouncing boy who steal the show. Don't let me get started on the visual effects as not eve Avatar can top this masterpiece, this film looks so good I'm am appalled that it is not even out on Blu-ray! Overall this film is for everyone, the jokes are hilarious, the action scenes are nail-biting and the polish of this family adventure is perfectly executed. Superbabies: Baiy Geniuses 2 is definitely not one to miss!!!


Title:  A Brilliant Kaufman style look into the psychology of American youth.


Review: This movie is everything wrong with America. but there is something brilliant about that. it fails on every single level, effects, acting, score, editing, direction, lighting, background, and sets. But if you look at it, this film was obviously made by adults, to sell this as a summer forgettable to young young YOUNG children. but it becomes more than that. its a movie that shows how we can deceive the youth into taking whatever garbage we shovel them (a very obvious hint to religion and how we have destroyed our natural resources leaving the next generation hopeless.)its a movie that teaches us that the American public can forgive racial stereotyping if everything else around it is that terrible. it really shows how mediocre we are as a society. although i liked dissecting this movie to its core, its still quite possibly the worst movie ever made and sitting through it will scar you as much as a 90 hour rerun of two girls one cup. but other than that. check it out. illegally download it. don't support the film makers. but do check it out.


Title:  Vintage Bob Clark ------ Bob brings out the best in adventure for youngsters with this one -- he saved it for the end!


Review: I viewed this film on television, a French language version, over the Christmas(2007)Holidays while visiting in Alma Quebec, Canada (region of Lac St-Jean). I missed the opening credits and had no idea who had directed this 'delightful' work. Before long I was guessing this wee treat to be the work of Bob Clark, and am now delighted to learn that he is indeed the director. Few of those watching with me spoke English, and even though this film is very "American" in every aspect, everything seemed to work for this audience, who truly enjoyed all that was offered. Bob's work, in my opinion, from Black Christmas to the present had occasionally been 'uneven'(although come to think of it, what director has not, at times, been 'uneven' over a career) I think A Christmas Story is his best work, a film I enjoyed immensely. However, Super Babies is a darn fine match and Bob is able to capture the essentials required in childhood adventure - something in it for kids of all ages. I'll miss him, and I will never forget the "little boy" in him. DMR


Title:  The American Movie


Review: I walked. Walked. Into the theater. With a sense of pride...of course who doesn't feel pride upon mentioning the name "SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2" to the ticketer? The movie had epic scenes of puking on people walking down the street, potty breaks, potty mishaps, potty explosions, potty potty, and potty diaper poop. If you little boys want to learn how to unload a ton watch this piece of crap?? wat?? wat?? i mean incredible motion picture today. Why don't people enjoy SuperBabies? Is it the lack of killing? Our world has enough killing. We should learn to enjoy the art of poo and pee and it's many "contraptions."


Title:  Sunglasses wearing bad-ass babies.


Review: Jon Voight's performance in this film was downright spellbinding. He brought what we in the industry call pizazz from the opening scene in this below average movie. His fights scene were a personal highlight of the movie for myself, however it must be said that when he originally fought Kahuna (superbaby) it was the latter that really shone through, and produced an Oscar/Emmy winning performance. Kahuna, despite obviously being a child, somehow managed to look like a midget stuntman throughout his fight scenes, which was a classy and well thought out touch. It must be mentioned that we appreciated, on a professional level, the Three Stooges reference and were pretty much blown away by the obscure Popeye reference to Popeye. Still on Kahuna, his superpowers were up there with other really good superheroes like Batman and/or Iron Man. His superpowers were as follows: fighting, glowing green, driving a small little persons car, pilot, floating on a bean bag, meditating and being about 5 or 6 forever. Oh and his dashing good looks and nursery charms. Do you know fans what was out of this world, and maybe any other world? The CGI and special effects thereof in this film. Amazingly the production team managed to make it look like the babies were actually saying these really funny one liners like "Can a brother get some water?" (We get that satire) As huge fans of computers, we really enjoyed the babies frequent use of the MSN Kids operating system, and would like to petition for its return to all new computers from this point onwards. Loved the cameo of the Whoopster Whoopi Goldberg. It was like she wasn't there and was actually at home the whole time, but we obviously know she wasn't. Ha. However, it must be said that the blistering appearance of the Grammy winning superstar making Florida band O-Town was something to behold for generations past and present. Those guys brought it, and we loved it. Loved it. In conclusion, this film was below average. That guy from Diagnosis Murder wasn't very good. The plot was a bit weird. The pacing was off, and almost strange. So, we have had to dock several points accordingly. As a result, we have been forced to give it a 9.0 out of 10.0. Two thumbs up. Would definitely watch it again, without such high expectations. GOLD. Better than Battle Royale.


Title:  The absolute best movie I've ever seen.


Review: I'll be honest, I've seen many, many movies in my life. But Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2 has got to be the best! Just when I thought the first one couldn't get any better, Bob Clark released this one! I admit, I cried a few times from the sheer suspense in this movie. The plot is absolutely genius! Scientists wanting to understand baby talk? Who could've possibly come up with such magnitude of greatness? Oh yeah, my idol: Bob Clark. Despite his shitty movie "A Christmas Story", he has got to be the best director of our generation. Kubrick literally has nothing on him. The casting is also fantastic: The 3 Fitzgerald brothers returned, thankfully. Their schedules are busy with cinema opportunities, we all know, but I'm so thankful that they could return. Please, if you have any free time, watch this movie. It's literally the best creation on Planet Earth. I've never seen anything like this masterpiece. Please, do it for me. Watch this incredible, flawless film and quit wasting your time with "Pulp Fiction", and "Taxi Driver", and other junk movies.



?