Title:  Mindbogglingly awful


Review: Every major cult film fan has watched "Dunyayi Kurtaran Adam" (Man who saves the world) aka Turkish Star Wars. Quarter a century after that was released ,we get a sequel -"Dunyayi Kurtaran Adamin oglu" (Son of the man who saves the world). While the original was meant to be a serious science fiction adventure, this one attempts to be a parody of the old film and various other science fiction films in the vein of G.O.R.A. Needless to say, the result is cinematic sewage.The film is a basically a serious of gags , none of which are close to being remotely funny. The acting is even worse. Erbil has already sealed his spot in the acting hall of shame with the lame shrek-wannabe Keloglan (he was even worse than Petek Dincoz, which should tell you how amazingly bad he was). Cuneyt Arkin seems to be sleepwalking. Sinem Kobal who is one of the most promising young Turkish actresses working today, would want to erase this off her resume for her career's sake.The sad news is that this film actually did well at the box office, so we will soon be hit with the inevitable sequel. Let's hope that it completely flops so that the public is spared from another 2 hours of garbage.


Title:  Nightmare


Review: It was a nightmare but a comedy film. Mehmet Ali Erbil continued his mission to destroy Turkish cinema and he is very successful.First of all the script is not original. It is copied from Cem Yilmaz's stand up shows. None of the artists done their job, they were awful. Cüneyt Arkin, made himself disgraced. This movie was a shame for Turkish cinema and should not be watched. Whatever you do in 110 minutes, would be more useful than you spend to watch this piece of trash. The director (Kartal Tibet) should not feel comfortable after this movie. Nobody can erase these awful scenes from my mind. I gave one point for this movie because there was no zero.I hope Mehmet Ali Erbil would not act on a film again.


Title:  Oh Come on!


Review: One of the worst movies ever seen. This one doesn't even deserve to be a B Side movie. A 110 minutes of torture. It supposed to be a comedy movie but you should have the weirdest kind of sense of humor to find this movie funny. It supposed to be a sequel to the original "Dunyayi Kurtaran Adam" but the only thing that reminds you the original one is that the characters keep honoring "Dunyayi Kurtaran Adam (The man who saved the world)" As a sense of irony the first one was way much funnier even it was not cut as a comedy movie. It was a hopeless effort to be a science fiction because of lack of finance, a very bad script, etc. But this guys have no excuse. They have their money to waste. The characters have no ability to act including Mehmet Ali Erbil (who has made movies for twenty years!). The script is simply aaaawful. My comment = Rubbish.


Title:  Worst movie ever made


Review: For Keloglan Kara Prens'e Karsi, I thought that, this movie is the worst movie ever made and in my whole life, I won't be able to see another one this bad. But now I understand, I was totally wrong. "Dunyayi Kurtaran Adamin Oglu" is much more successful in being a bad movie than Keloglan Kara Prens'e Karsi. Now I think, as long as the Turkish film producers continue to make movies, I'll continue to see unbelievably bad movies. The money, which I gave for this film was not much, but I feel sorry for my 2 hours spent for nothing. Yes, this movie is nothing. Please take my recommendation: Even if someone gives you money to watch this movie, don't even think about it. I can tell you numerous reasons about why I like a movie. But for this one, there's simply nothing to say. It was supposed to be a comedy film, but I didn't even smile!! Come on guys, is the script writer an 8 year old boy or what? What were you thinking? The original cult film "The man who saves the world" was also a bad movie but at least it was funny, not boring. There were scenes, which one wants to see. But for this, there's nothing to say. I assume that, this film is a bad joke for Turkish people.


Title:  Shame!


Review: I cannot believe I am writing a review for this stinking piece of garbage... Why! Why would anyone write, produce, direct, act in, or just be associated with such an abomination...This movie is supposed to be a sequel to awful but well-known movie known as "Turkish Star Wars". That movie was the second worst thing happened to Turkish image after 'Midnight Express'. This one is a close third. The original movie was made by unexperienced youngsters with misguided idealism and without money. This one must be written by a thousand retarded monkeys on crack.There is no decent plot, or script, or anything that makes sense. The direction is bad, acting is ridiculous, editing is awful. There is really nothing to say about it. This movie is so bad, I felt insulted. Never see it... Never.


Title:  Crass and Trashy


Review: I tried to watch this film, I really did - I happened to be at someone's home and their young nephew had brought this movie to keep himself entertained. In goes the DVD, and there upon the TV screen I see Mehmet Ali Erbil prancing around in all his glory. The movie banks heavily on Mr. Erbil's "irresistible" charm - To say that the filmmakers overestimated Erbil's abilities is the understatement of the decade.Basically, the film is a campy 'remake' of Dünyayi Kurtaran Adam (AKA: "Turkish Star Wars"; Semi-literal translation "The Man Who Saved the World" ) that retains none of the original film's crude charm. This movie is just so poorly constructed it isn't even as unintentionally funny as the original - There is simply no way to excuse the people behind this film for being so lazy and crass.However, I don't think it deserves to be in the Bottom 100 - It's a trashy movie, there is no sense in debating that point, but there are many other titles more deserving of such an 'honor' both within and outside of the world of Turkish cinema. Seriously, some of the sleazy movies that come on late at night make this movie look like a Shakespearean classic on film.This is type of film that will act as late night filler for years to come in Turkey, but it's hardly the worst thing out there. I do not recommend this movie to anyone other than rabid Mehmet Ali Erbil fans and people who have their heart set on seeing what all the fuss is about.


Title:  This movie has disturbed my inner peace


Review: "Dunyayi Kurtaran Adam" was so naive and childish that you can almost like that film for its mistakes and cheesiness. Nothing can render infringement valid but it is so absurd and made out of nothing, you can, in a way, understand the state of mind in which they produced that movie to begin with.But is there really an excuse of this one in any meaningful way? Obviously they have the budget and every kind of opportunity. I won't go into detail, because even discussing the fact that there are people in this country, who feel easy of depicting themselves like this proudly and call the film "turks in space", simply frustrates me. If they could just donate the entire money they spent on this film to an orphanage, not only they could have the blessing of many unfortunate kids but also they would avoid a million's hatred.One thing I can't really comprehend is that how they dared to shoot such a film after GORA. This movie is not only an unimaginably unsuccessful sequel to a movie that is unimaginably naive and problematic but also uses the very fundamental elements of GORA, like main actor starring both as the antagonist and the protagonist.All those unbearable jokes, bad acting, CG worse than those used in the worst series in the worst Turkish channels... I really can't stop writing, this movie has interfered with my inner peace.


Title:  Backwards


Review: This title is not originally meant to be a sequel.Not just because there is a 25 year gap, also there is no connectivity between two story lines.Only connection available is the former antagonist. And he is seen like 5 minutes. People may think that all the negative opinions may not reflect the truth or not objective. I' m sorry they are objective.There is not even one good point about this movie.The original one had a weird, awful storyline, plot, as a matter of fact a meaning.Deep down there, you may understand the work.But this title; well nothing more than a scary movie trial.Same solid lack of storyline, same concrete example of NOT acting.Well, there are certain examples special effects which are not bad indeed. But that fact doesn't help. As the result, this movie is nothing more than a shell. There is no inside. Just a commercial thing using the name of a cult movie. .If you have time and if you have really no reason to do something else, go watch.


Title:  Well if you have time to waste and looking for small laugh,this is the one


Review: Honestly ,i was expected better movie from the people who played in that movie. Pascal Nouma ; you might knew him ,he played in various different teams in Europe and even U.S. till early 2000's. His popularity was outrages in Turkey due his attitude on field. Anyways Mehmet Ali Erbil ,Denis Seki and the other main actors,actresses are well known people in Turkey. The biggest problem is Cuneyt Arkin is doing cameo appearances ,he talked like 3 to 4 minutes during whole movie!! Yeah if you have nothing to do and just looking for small laugh ,this is the movie , i probably rank the movie 4 out of 10. Mehmet Ali Erbil is doing his job but he is just out there so much ; that creates problem for other people to not showin themselves that much.When i watched the movie ,it feels like i watched movie about Mehmet Ali Erbil. If you are looking to watch Turkish made space movie-check out Gora.It 2004 made movie ,it broke all the records.Cem Yilmaz whom i believe the funniest guy in Turkey now is in it.


Title:  An utter waste of time


Review: I don't know what to say, Turks in Space has left me speechless. I just don't get how anyone can make a movie like this, and think the end result is good enough to show it to the public. There is nothing in this movie worth the audience' time or money.The synopsis tell us that it is about a Turkish spaceship captain who searches the galaxy for a lost crew member. In reality it is just a bunch of paper thin, stereotypical, poorly acted characters going through an unfunny comedy routine, mixed in with a bit of promotion for Turkey and Turkish culture. The inane story is just something that happens in the background for mot of the running time, then ends with an underwhelming Disney style climax. Perhaps I just don't understand the charm of main actor Mehmet Ali Erbil but this is the second horrible movie I've seen him in. Things are not looking good for Turkish cinema if this is what it puts out.


Title:  Oh my god


Review: Awful,disgusting,pointless I can write more negative words but it would be a waste of time... Has to be the worst movie and it shocked me when I saw the movie in the middle of the bottom list because it has to be the 1 in the list. My little brother has slept in the cinema and said 'Can we get our money back?'. Mehmet Ali Erbil's masterpiece(!). Don't watch this movie... It is a waste of time... By the way I want to talk about Turkish Sci-Fi movies. When I saw the trailer of 'Dünyayi Kurtaran Adamin Oglu' I was pretty happy because finally Turkish Cinema leveled up and shoot a film about space but I was wrong. It was a stupid comedy movie with a very low quality of Space Ship graphics and area. If we see 'Dünyayi Kurtaran Adamin Torunu' it won't be a surprise. May be it can be the number one in the bottom list...


Title:  Biggest Turkish Success of All Time


Review: Everything Turks In Space can accomplish, it has. The movie had me emotionally gripped throughout every second of it, from the moment the opening credits started. For months I have been watching movies that just let me down, but this one I could rewatch over and over again. I sat there with my bag of Turkish action figures, gripping them tightly, especially when the suspense was too much for me to handle. The acting cast was great, even the background extras had undeniable talent. I was happy to drop 10 stars on this movie, because a success like this should never be forgotten. Although there are some bad reviews, I personally loved it and it is the top movie in my collection now, topping "Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2."


Title:  M.Ali Erbil's Rubbish


Review: I have just watched the movie wondering how terrible it is and I believe there must be "zero" and even "minus" point to vote because voting 1 point is too much for this movie. Anyway, Congratulations! M.Ali Erbil succeed in starring in the 8th worst movie in the world. Am I surprised ? Of course NO.. Whatever M.Ali Erbil made in Turkey has been a rubbish and this is one of his collections. There must be a law in Turkey to forbid M.Ali Erbil make more absurd movies and shows on TV. On the other hand,there are many other good actors & actresses starring in the movie and I feel pity for them, especially for Cuneyt Arkin whom we have known for many years in unforgettable Turkish movies.


Title:  As a sequel it fails, as a comedy it fails and as a comedic sequel IT JUMPS THE MEGA SHARK


Review: Once upon a time there was a film called Turkish Star Wars at least thats what everyone calls it) The film is one of the most loved bad films for its ripping of stock footage from Star Wars, the poor effects, the silly action and the ridiculous plot! So 20 years later they try to make a sequel and not just a sequel A COMEDIC SEQUEL even though the first movie was taken seriously! That is a bad idea from the start a it differs too much from the tone of the first movie which while it was silly it was taken seriously which adds to the appeal. The first flaw in this movie is the jokes are horrible! The jokes are so forced you would probably be seriously injured from the sudden force! The timing is awful as well mainly because they either go on for too long or they are so quick you would not even realize they were jokes. The movie relies on too many stereotypes and predict-abilities like a dog on the spaceship who is pissing on the equipment or an old lady who is the maid or a child soldier or heck an old man who is always asleep LOLROFLMAOBBQ!!!!!! the production value are decent but they are too good because the original was had a dirt poor budget which adds to the film's appeal but production values in this movie are not used for comedic effect even!!!! In case you have not realized there is no plot!!! The movie is just an hour and a half long three stooges skit in space (and if I wanted to watch that I would have watched The Three Stooges in Orbit!) the movie pretends it has one with the son of the protagonist from the first movie but he is painfully dull and random stuff just happens! Do not watch this movie! If you want comedy sci fi than go watch Red Dwarf, Mars Attacks!, Spaceballs, Galaxy Quest or The movie version of Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy just anything but this!!!!


Title:  Answer to a comment on 'Dunyayi Kurtaran Adamin Oglu


Review: Okay first i want to say even if i'm a Turk i don't like these type of movies but still i wanted to say a few things.The first movie 'Dünyayi Kurtaran Adam' was a total disaster everyone in Turkey makes fun of it because it was made seriously as a sci-fi movie and they stole many things from Star Wars.But the second movie is a comedy.Now the MOST important thing in a world class comedy film is to make EVERYONE on the planet laugh,but it doesn't mean that you have to make everyone laugh to make an ordinary comedy movie,i read that one commenter said that its not even close to funny,now i'm from turkey and believe me there are MANY European and American movies people from here don't laugh at and there are many movies you people don't laugh at,this films aim is Turkish population because Turkish sense of humor isn't same with the others,actually EVERY countries sense of humor is different with other countries so MY OPINION is that it doesn't make sense to say 'not even close to funny' to a 'comedy' movie that isn't in your country because it may not suit your sense of humor but people here liked it not very much but still they liked it,so please make your comments on comedy movies according to these things..i'm sorry if my English was bad..


Title:  Everything else in life has lost meaning.


Review: Turks. The people of Turkey. Not to be confused with the bird enjoyed by millions during the Christmas and Thanksgiving holidays. They are a noble, glorious people, but they don't taste as good as the bird of the same name. How could they possibly be made better? Impossible, yes? I thought so too, but then it hit me.PUT THEM IN SPACE!The Turk's thrive in the low gravity environment found in space. I do not know whether turkeys would be as good as Turks in this situation, but who cares?I'm not even going to tell you what this film is about because you need to see it for yourself. Please. Be a Turk. Go to space. Join the GLORIOUS Turkish SPACE ARMY OOOYRAHHH!


Title:  Turks in Space (composition of our culture)


Review: I am really proud of the scenarist who wrote this movie. It requires an educational background and maturity with good knowledge of our culture to understand it. I read the other comments as well. The only thing I can say is that the movie is a really perfect summary of the characteristic behavior and thinking of our people. It is well done with all kinds of details with really nice criticisms of our culture. Besides, it balances the negative and positive sides of our people and culture objectively. Therefore, I recommend all foreigners to watch it if they wanna know Turkish people more. The film is a really really good reflection of Turkey. I would like to thank to all people who worked for and in the film.Yours sincerely


Title:  Please don't waste your time watching this movie


Review: One of the worst movies I have ever seen and since I'm not an expert, I know one or two things about movies. The only reason this movies exists is because the producers wanted to get their share after the first movie; infamous ''Dünyayi Kurtaran Adam (1982)'' became a cult classic.The acting is terrible, the dialogues are unnecessary and It doesn't even have a proper storyline. This is my first review as the lazy person I am I never wrote anything on this site before but since the first movie is a cult classic and its coming from my country I just wanted to warn you people who might think ''well the first one was really interesting and grotesque, maybe this one is good too''Its not, and If you are interested in Turkish movies, I recommend Some of Cagan Irmak's movies and Nuri Bilge Ceylan's movies. I wish you a happy day.
